Naloxone reverses the antihypertensive effect of clonidine.
Lidocaine-induced cardiac asystole.
Suxamethonium infusion rate and observed fasciculations. A dose-response study.
Galanthamine hydrobromide, a longer acting anticholinesterase drug, in the treatment of the central effects of scopolamine (Hyoscine).
Effects of uninephrectomy and high protein feeding on lithium-induced chronic renal failure in rats.
Treatment of Crohn's disease with fusidic acid: an antibiotic with immunosuppressive properties similar to cyclosporin.
Electrocardiographic evidence of myocardial injury in psychiatrically hospitalized cocaine abusers.
Sulpiride-induced tardive dystonia.
Ocular and auditory toxicity in hemodialyzed patients receiving desferrioxamine.
Myasthenia gravis presenting as weakness after magnesium administration.
Chloroacetaldehyde and its contribution to urotoxicity during treatment with cyclophosphamide or ifosfamide. An experimental study/short communication.
Source of pain and primitive dysfunction in migraine: an identical site?
Clotiazepam-induced acute hepatitis.
Arterial hypertension as a complication of prolonged ketoconazole treatment.
Effects of an inhibitor of angiotensin converting enzyme (Captopril) on pulmonary and renal insufficiency due to intravascular coagulation in the rat.
A randomized comparison of labetalol and nitroprusside for induced hypotension.
Chronic carbamazepine treatment in the rat: efficacy, toxicity, and effect on plasma and tissue folate concentrations.
Inhibition of sympathoadrenal activity by atrial natriuretic factor in dogs.
Death from chemotherapy in gestational trophoblastic disease.
Sexual dysfunction among patients with arthritis.
Does paracetamol cause urothelial cancer or renal papillary necrosis?
Dapsone-associated Heinz body hemolytic anemia in a Cambodian woman with hemoglobin E trait.
Severe complications of antianginal drug therapy in a patient identified as a poor metabolizer of metoprolol, propafenone, diltiazem, and sparteine.
Triazolam-induced brief episodes of secondary mania in a depressed patient.
On the mechanisms of the development of tolerance to the muscular rigidity produced by morphine in rats.
Compression neuropathy of the radial nerve due to pentazocine-induced fibrous myopathy.
Recurrent reversible acute renal failure from amphotericin.
Pneumonitis with pleural and pericardial effusion and neuropathy during amiodarone therapy.
Indomethacin-induced renal insufficiency: recurrence on rechallenge.
Comparison of the subjective effects and plasma concentrations following oral and i.m. administration of flunitrazepam in volunteers.
Changes in heart size during long-term timolol treatment after myocardial infarction.
Vitamin D3 toxicity in dairy cows.
Diseases of peripheral nerves as seen in the Nigerian African.
A double-blind study of the efficacy and safety of dothiepin hydrochloride in the treatment of major depressive disorder.
Behavioral effects of diazepam and propranolol in patients with panic disorder and agoraphobia.
Effect of aspirin on N-[4-(5-nitro-2-furyl)-2-thiazolyl]-formamide-induced epithelial proliferation in the urinary bladder and forestomach of the rat.
Provocation of postural hypotension by nitroglycerin in diabetic autonomic neuropathy?
Characterization of estrogen-induced adenohypophyseal tumors in the Fischer 344 rat.
Triamterene nephrolithiasis complicating dyazide therapy.
Metabolic involvement in adriamycin cardiotoxicity.
Age-dependent sensitivity of the rat to neurotoxic effects of streptomycin.
Crescentic fibrillary glomerulonephritis associated with intermittent rifampin therapy for pulmonary tuberculosis.
Time course of lipid peroxidation in puromycin aminonucleoside-induced nephropathy.
Clomipramine-induced sleep disturbance does not impair its prolactin-releasing action.
Angioedema following the intravenous administration of metoprolol.
Effect of coniine on the developing chick embryo.
Epidural blood flow during prostaglandin E1 or trimethaphan induced hypotension.
Immunohistochemical studies with antibodies to neurofilament proteins on axonal damage in experimental focal lesions in rat.
Increase of Parkinson disability after fluoxetine medication.
Acetaminophen-induced hypotension.
Acute hepatitis, autoimmune hemolytic anemia, and erythroblastocytopenia induced by ceftriaxone.
Adverse effects of the atypical antipsychotics. Collaborative Working Group on Clinical Trial Evaluations.
Effects of tetrandrine and fangchinoline on experimental thrombosis in mice and human platelet aggregation.
Gemcitabine plus vinorelbine in nonsmall cell lung carcinoma patients age 70 years or older or patients who cannot receive cisplatin. Oncopaz Cooperative Group.
Warfarin-induced artery calcification is accelerated by growth and vitamin D.
Antidepressant-induced mania in bipolar patients: identification of risk factors.
Caffeine-induced cardiac arrhythmia: an unrecognised danger of healthfood products.
Bladder retention of urine as a result of continuous intravenous infusion of fentanyl: 2 case reports.
Combined antiretroviral therapy causes cardiomyopathy and elevates plasma lactate in transgenic AIDS mice.
Oral contraceptives and the risk of myocardial infarction.
Effects of 5-HT1B receptor ligands microinjected into the accumbal shell or core on the cocaine-induced locomotor hyperactivity in rats.
Ticlopidine-induced cholestatic hepatitis.
Epithelial sodium channel (ENaC) subunit mRNA and protein expression in rats with puromycin aminonucleoside-induced nephrotic syndrome.
NO-induced migraine attack: strong increase in plasma calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) concentration and negative correlation with platelet serotonin release.
Coronary aneurysm after implantation of a paclitaxel-eluting stent.
Behavioral effects of urotensin-II centrally administered in mice.
Recurrent dysphonia and acitretin.
Pharmacological modulation of pain-related brain activity during normal and central sensitization states in humans.
MDMA polydrug users show process-specific central executive impairments coupled with impaired social and emotional judgement processes.
Severe citrate toxicity complicating volunteer apheresis platelet donation.
Proteinuria after conversion to sirolimus in renal transplant recipients.
In vitro characterization of parasympathetic and sympathetic responses in cyclophosphamide-induced cystitis in the rat.
Associations between use of benzodiazepines or related drugs and health, physical abilities and cognitive function: a non-randomised clinical study in the elderly.
Acute vocal fold palsy after acute disulfiram intoxication.
Higher optical density of an antigen assay predicts thrombosis in patients with heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
Central retinal vein occlusion associated with clomiphene-induced ovulation.
Nicotine-induced nystagmus correlates with midpontine activation.
Protective effect of verapamil on gastric hemorrhagic ulcers in severe atherosclerotic rats.
Adriamycin-induced autophagic cardiomyocyte death plays a pathogenic role in a rat model of heart failure.
Confusion, a rather serious adverse drug reaction with valproic acid: a review of the French Pharmacovigilance database.
Learning and memory deficits in ecstasy users and their neural correlates during a face-learning task.
Prolonged elevation of plasma argatroban in a cardiac transplant patient with a suspected history of heparin-induced thrombocytopenia with thrombosis.
Antituberculosis therapy-induced acute liver failure: magnitude, profile, prognosis, and predictors of outcome.
Central nervous system complications during treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia in a single pediatric institution.
Safety of capecitabine: a review.
Effects of pallidal neurotensin on haloperidol-induced parkinsonian catalepsy: behavioral and electrophysiological studies.
Antihypertensive drugs and depression: a reappraisal.
Pulmonary shunt and cardiovascular responses to CPAP during nitroprusside-induced hypotension.
Mediation of enhanced reflex vagal bradycardia by L-dopa via central dopamine formation in dogs.
Cocaine-induced myocardial infarction: clinical observations and pathogenetic considerations.
Rabbit syndrome, antidepressant use, and cerebral perfusion SPECT scan findings.
Acute bronchodilating effects of ipratropium bromide and theophylline in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Irreversible damage to the medullary interstitium in experimental analgesic nephropathy in F344 rats.
Less frequent lithium administration and lower urine volume.
Effect of adriamycin combined with whole body hyperthermia on tumor and normal tissues.
Prazosin-induced stress incontinence.
Myocardial infarction following sublingual administration of isosorbide dinitrate.
Fluoxetine-induced akathisia: clinical and theoretical implications.
Chronic active hepatitis associated with diclofenac sodium therapy.
Stroke associated with cocaine use.
Glyburide-induced hepatitis.
Systolic pressure variation is greater during hemorrhage than during sodium nitroprusside-induced hypotension in ventilated dogs.
Drug-induced arterial spasm relieved by lidocaine. Case report.
Cerebral blood flow and metabolism during isoflurane-induced hypotension in patients subjected to surgery for cerebral aneurysms.
Allergic reaction to 5-fluorouracil infusion.
Amiodarone-induced sinoatrial block.
Possible teratogenicity of sulphasalazine.
Veno-occlusive liver disease after dacarbazine therapy (DTIC) for melanoma.
A case of tardive dyskinesia caused by metoclopramide.
Further observations on the electrophysiologic effects of oral amiodarone therapy.
Busulfan-induced hemorrhagic cystitis.
Rebound hypertensive after sodium nitroprusside prevented by saralasin in rats.
Toxic hepatitis induced by antithyroid drugs: four cases including one with cross-reactivity between carbimazole and benzylthiouracil.
Study of the role of vitamin B12 and folinic acid supplementation in preventing hematologic toxicity of zidovudine.
Acute confusion induced by a high-dose infusion of 5-fluorouracil and folinic acid.
Effect of switching carbamazepine to oxcarbazepine on the plasma levels of neuroleptics. A case report.
Erythema multiforme and hypersensitivity myocarditis caused by ampicillin.
Immediate allergic reactions to amoxicillin.
Persistent paralysis after prolonged use of atracurium in the absence of corticosteroids.
Habitual use of acetaminophen as a risk factor for chronic renal failure: a comparison with phenacetin.
Reduction of heparan sulphate-associated anionic sites in the glomerular basement membrane of rats with streptozotocin-induced diabetic nephropathy.
Effect of some anticancer drugs and combined chemotherapy on renal toxicity.
Lithium-associated cognitive and functional deficits reduced by a switch to divalproex sodium: a case series.
Treatment of previously treated metastatic breast cancer by mitoxantrone and 48-hour continuous infusion of high-dose 5-FU and leucovorin (MFL): low palliative benefit and high treatment-related toxicity.
Upregulation of the expression of vasopressin gene in the paraventricular and supraoptic nuclei of the lithium-induced diabetes insipidus rat.
Suxamethonium-induced cardiac arrest and death following 5 days of immobilization.
An unusual toxic reaction to axillary block by mepivacaine with adrenaline.
Clinical and histopathologic examination of renal allografts treated with tacrolimus (FK506) for at least one year.
Memory facilitation and stimulation of endogenous nerve growth factor synthesis by the acetylcholine releaser PG-9.
Angioedema due to ACE inhibitors: common and inadequately diagnosed.
Recurarization in the recovery room.
Recurrent use of newer oral contraceptives and the risk of venous thromboembolism.
Development of apomorphine-induced aggressive behavior: comparison of adult male and female Wistar rats.
Serotonergic antidepressants and urinary incontinence.
Hypotension following the initiation of tizanidine in a patient treated with an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor for chronic hypertension.
Peritubular capillary basement membrane reduplication in allografts and native kidney disease: a clinicopathologic study of 278 consecutive renal specimens.
Conformationally restricted analogs of BD1008 and an antisense oligodeoxynucleotide targeting sigma1 receptors produce anti-cocaine effects in mice.
Pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic assessment of the effects of E4031, cisapride, terfenadine and terodiline on monophasic action potential duration in dog.
Fatal myeloencephalopathy due to accidental intrathecal vincristin administration: a report of two cases.
Intravenous administration of prochlorperazine by 15-minute infusion versus 2-minute bolus does not affect the incidence of akathisia: a prospective, randomized, controlled trial.
Antithymocyte globulin in the treatment of D-penicillamine-induced aplastic anemia.
The relationship between hippocampal acetylcholine release and cholinergic convulsant sensitivity in withdrawal seizure-prone and withdrawal seizure-resistant selected mouse lines.
Prenatal dexamethasone programs hypertension and renal injury in the rat.
The risk of venous thromboembolism in women prescribed cyproterone acetate in combination with ethinyl estradiol: a nested cohort analysis and case-control study.
Pseudoacromegaly induced by the long-term use of minoxidil.
Combined androgen blockade-induced anemia in prostate cancer patients without bone involvement.
Reversible dilated cardiomyopathy related to amphotericin B therapy.
Risks of the consumption of beverages containing quinine.
Organophosphate-induced convulsions and prevention of neuropathological damages.
Differential modulation by estrogen of alpha2-adrenergic and I1-imidazoline receptor-mediated hypotension in female rats.
Cardioprotective effect of tincture of Crataegus on isoproterenol-induced myocardial infarction in rats.
Safety and adverse effects associated with raloxifene: multiple outcomes of raloxifene evaluation.
Ceftriaxone-associated biliary pseudolithiasis in paediatric surgical patients.
Evaluation of the anticocaine monoclonal antibody GNC92H2 as an immunotherapy for cocaine overdose.
The effects of short-term raloxifene therapy on fibrinolysis markers: TAFI, tPA, and PAI-1.
Ketoconazole induced torsades de pointes without concomitant use of QT interval-prolonging drug.
Pharmacological evidence for the potential of Daucus carota in the management of cognitive dysfunctions.
Cauda equina syndrome after epidural steroid injection: a case report.
High-dose testosterone is associated with atherosclerosis in postmenopausal women.
Sirolimus-associated proteinuria and renal dysfunction.
Progressive myopathy with up-regulation of MHC-I associated with statin therapy.
Direct inhibition of cardiac hyperpolarization-activated cyclic nucleotide-gated pacemaker channels by clonidine.
Influence of smoking on developing cochlea. Does smoking during pregnancy affect the amplitudes of transient evoked otoacoustic emissions in newborns?
Neuroinflammation and behavioral abnormalities after neonatal terbutaline treatment in rats: implications for autism.
Acute myocarditis associated with clozapine.
Encephalopathy induced by levetiracetam added to valproate.
Norepinephrine signaling through beta-adrenergic receptors is critical for expression of cocaine-induced anxiety.
Clonidine for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: II. ECG changes and adverse events analysis.
Thalidomide has limited single-agent activity in relapsed or refractory indolent non-Hodgkin lymphomas: a phase II trial of the Cancer and Leukemia Group B.
Intracavernous epinephrine: a minimally invasive treatment for priapism in the emergency department.
Effect of green tea and vitamin E combination in isoproterenol induced myocardial infarction in rats.
Development of ocular myasthenia during pegylated interferon and ribavirin treatment for chronic hepatitis C.
The glycine transporter-1 inhibitor SSR103800 displays a selective and specific antipsychotic-like profile in normal and transgenic mice.
Phenylephrine but not ephedrine reduces frontal lobe oxygenation following anesthesia-induced hypotension.
A novel, multiple symptom model of obsessive-compulsive-like behaviors in animals.
Late recovery of renal function in a woman with the hemolytic uremic syndrome.
Effects of acetylsalicylic acid, dipyridamole, and hydrocortisone on epinephrine-induced myocardial injury in dogs.
Changes in depressive status associated with topical beta-blockers.
Long-term follow-up of ifosfamide renal toxicity in children treated for malignant mesenchymal tumors: an International Society of Pediatric Oncology report.
Evidence for an involvement of D1 and D2 dopamine receptors in mediating nicotine-induced hyperactivity in rats.
Neuropsychiatric side effects after the use of mefloquine.
Reduction in injection pain using buffered lidocaine as a local anesthetic before cardiac catheterization.
Randomized, double-blind trial of mazindol in Duchenne dystrophy.
Pentoxifylline (Trental) does not inhibit dipyridamole-induced coronary hyperemia: implications for dipyridamole-thallium-201 myocardial imaging.
Cause of death among patients with Parkinson's disease: a rare mortality due to cerebral haemorrhage.
Tolerance and antiviral effect of ribavirin in patients with Argentine hemorrhagic fever.
Dipyridamole-induced myocardial ischemia.
Inhibition of immunoreactive corticotropin-releasing factor secretion into the hypophysial-portal circulation by delayed glucocorticoid feedback.
Noradrenergic involvement in catalepsy induced by delta 9-tetrahydrocannabinol.
Intracranial pressure increases during alfentanil-induced rigidity.
Adverse cardiac effects during induction chemotherapy treatment with cis-platin and 5-fluorouracil.
Verapamil-induced carbamazepine neurotoxicity. A report of two cases.
Serial studies of auditory neurotoxicity in patients receiving deferoxamine therapy.
Flurbiprofen in the treatment of juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
The correlation between neurotoxic esterase inhibition and mipafox-induced neuropathic damage in rats.
Cerebral infarction with a single oral dose of phenylpropanolamine.
Treatment of psoriasis with azathioprine.
Maternal lithium and neonatal Ebstein's anomaly: evaluation with cross-sectional echocardiography.
Effects of training on the extent of experimental myocardial infarction in aging rats.
Effect of polyethylene glycol 400 on adriamycin toxicity in mice.
Intra-arterial BCNU chemotherapy for treatment of malignant gliomas of the central nervous system.
Blood pressure response to chronic low-dose intrarenal noradrenaline infusion in conscious rats.
Age and renal clearance of cimetidine.
Development of clear cell adenocarcinoma in DES-exposed offspring under observation.
Phenobarbitone-induced enlargement of the liver in the rat: its relationship to carbon tetrachloride-induced cirrhosis.
Attenuation of the lithium-induced diabetes-insipidus-like syndrome by amiloride in rats.
Safety and side-effects of alprazolam. Controlled study in agoraphobia with panic disorder.
Dup 753 prevents the development of puromycin aminonucleoside-induced nephrosis.
Sodium bicarbonate alleviates penile pain induced by intracavernous injections for erectile dysfunction.
Prospective study of the long-term effects of somatostatin analog (octreotide) on gallbladder function and gallstone formation in Chinese acromegalic patients.
Improvement of levodopa-induced dyskinesia by propranolol in Parkinson's disease.
Morphological features of encephalopathy after chronic administration of the antiepileptic drug valproate to rats. A transmission electron microscopic study of capillaries in the cerebellar cortex.
Macula toxicity after intravitreal amikacin.
Iatrogenically induced intractable atrioventricular reentrant tachycardia after verapamil and catheter ablation in a patient with Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome and idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy.
Epidemic of liver disease caused by hydrochlorofluorocarbons used as ozone-sparing substitutes of chlorofluorocarbons.
The effect of different anaesthetic agents in hearing loss following spinal anaesthesia.
A transient neurological deficit following intrathecal injection of 1% hyperbaric bupivacaine for unilateral spinal anaesthesia.
Pethidine-associated seizure in a healthy adolescent receiving pethidine for postoperative pain control.
Drug-associated acute-onset vanishing bile duct and Stevens-Johnson syndromes in a child.
High incidence of primary pulmonary hypertension associated with appetite suppressants in Belgium.
Choreoathetoid movements associated with rapid adjustment to methadone.
Cocaine-induced mood disorder: prevalence rates and psychiatric symptoms in an outpatient cocaine-dependent sample.
Hemolysis of human erythrocytes induced by tamoxifen is related to disruption of membrane structure.
Changes of sodium and ATP affinities of the cardiac (Na,K)-ATPase during and after nitric oxide deficient hypertension.
Effects of long-term pretreatment with isoproterenol on bromocriptine-induced tachycardia in conscious rats.
A developmental analysis of clonidine's effects on cardiac rate and ultrasound production in infant rats.
Differential effects of systemically administered ketamine and lidocaine on dynamic and static hyperalgesia induced by intradermal capsaicin in humans.
Cyclosporine and tacrolimus-associated thrombotic microangiopathy.
Repeated transient anuria following losartan administration in a patient with a solitary kidney.
In vivo protection of dna damage associated apoptotic and necrotic cell deaths during acetaminophen-induced nephrotoxicity, amiodarone-induced lung toxicity and doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity by a novel IH636 grape seed proanthocyanidin extract.
Palpebral twitching in a depressed adolescent on citalopram.
Metamizol potentiates morphine antinociception but not constipation after chronic treatment.
Ifosfamide encephalopathy presenting with asterixis.
Sub-chronic low dose gamma-vinyl GABA (vigabatrin) inhibits cocaine-induced increases in nucleus accumbens dopamine.
Amount of bleeding and hematoma size in the collagenase-induced intracerebral hemorrhage rat model.
Estradiol reduces seizure-induced hippocampal injury in ovariectomized female but not in male rats.
Delirium during clozapine treatment: incidence and associated risk factors.
Ketoconazole-induced neurologic sequelae.
Noxious chemical stimulation of rat facial mucosa increases intracranial blood flow through a trigemino-parasympathetic reflex--an experimental model for vascular dysfunctions in cluster headache.
Recurrent excitation in the dentate gyrus of a murine model of temporal lobe epilepsy.
The alpha3 and beta4 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor subunits are necessary for nicotine-induced seizures and hypolocomotion in mice.
Recurrent acute interstitial nephritis induced by azithromycin.
Valproate-induced encephalopathy.
Nitro-L-arginine methyl ester: a potential protector against gentamicin ototoxicity.
Cerebral vasculitis following oral methylphenidate intake in an adult: a case report.
Cerebral haemorrhage induced by warfarin - the influence of drug-drug interactions.
Side effects of postoperative administration of methylprednisolone and gentamicin into the posterior sub-Tenon's space.
Cardiac Angiography in Renally Impaired Patients (CARE) study: a randomized double-blind trial of contrast-induced nephropathy in patients with chronic kidney disease.
A novel compound, maltolyl p-coumarate, attenuates cognitive deficits and shows neuroprotective effects in vitro and in vivo dementia models.
Interaction between warfarin and levofloxacin: case series.
Mutations associated with lamivudine-resistance in therapy-na  ve hepatitis B virus (HBV) infected patients with and without HIV co-infection: implications for antiretroviral therapy in HBV and HIV co-infected South African patients.
Sex differences in NMDA antagonist enhancement of morphine antihyperalgesia in a capsaicin model of persistent pain: comparisons to two models of acute pain.
Development of proteinuria after switch to sirolimus-based immunosuppression in long-term cardiac transplant patients.
Synthesis of N-pyrimidinyl-2-phenoxyacetamides as adenosine A2A receptor antagonists.
Methamphetamine-induced neurotoxicity and microglial activation are not mediated by fractalkine receptor signaling.
Recovery of tacrolimus-associated brachial neuritis after conversion to everolimus in a pediatric renal transplant recipient--case report and review of the literature.
Valvular heart disease in patients with Parkinson's disease treated with pergolide. Course following treatment modifications.
Adverse effects of topical papaverine on auditory nerve function.
Massive proteinuria and acute renal failure after oral bisphosphonate (alendronate) administration in a patient with focal segmental glomerulosclerosis.
Serum- and glucocorticoid-inducible kinase 1 in doxorubicin-induced nephrotic syndrome.
Severe and long lasting cholestasis after high-dose co-trimoxazole treatment for Pneumocystis pneumonia in HIV-infected patients--a report of two cases.
Clinically significant proteinuria following the administration of sirolimus to renal transplant recipients.
Comparative cognitive and subjective side effects of immediate-release oxycodone in healthy middle-aged and older adults.
Normalizing effects of modafinil on sleep in chronic cocaine users.
Efficacy and safety of asenapine in a placebo- and haloperidol-controlled trial in patients with acute exacerbation of schizophrenia.
Permeability, ultrastructural changes, and distribution of novel proteins in the glomerular barrier in early puromycin aminonucleoside nephrosis.
Twin preterm neonates with cardiac toxicity related to lopinavir/ritonavir therapy.
Learning of rats under amnesia caused by pentobarbital.
Angiosarcoma of the liver associated with diethylstilbestrol.
Role of xanthine oxidase in dexamethasone-induced hypertension in rats.
Extrapyramidal side effects with risperidone and haloperidol at comparable D2 receptor occupancy levels.
Simvastatin-ezetimibe-induced hepatic failure necessitating liver transplantation.
Oral manifestations of "meth mouth": a case report.
Thyroxine abuse: an unusual case of thyrotoxicosis in pregnancy.
Attenuation of methamphetamine-induced nigrostriatal dopaminergic neurotoxicity in mice by lipopolysaccharide pretreatment.
Effect of converting enzyme inhibition on the course of adriamycin-induced nephropathy.
Butyrylcholinesterase gene mutations in patients with prolonged apnea after succinylcholine for electroconvulsive therapy.
Ketamine sedation for the reduction of children's fractures in the emergency department.
Prophylactic use of lamivudine with chronic immunosuppressive therapy for rheumatologic disorders.
Safety of transesophageal echocardiography in adults: study in a multidisciplinary hospital.
Effects of calcium channel blockers on bupivacaine-induced toxicity.
Selegiline-induced postural hypotension in Parkinson's disease: a longitudinal study on the effects of drug withdrawal.
Explicit episodic memory for sensory-discriminative components of capsaicin-induced pain: immediate and delayed ratings.
Reversibility of captopril-induced renal insufficiency after prolonged use in an unusual case of renovascular hypertension.
Liver disease caused by propylthiouracil.
Capsaicin-induced muscle pain alters the excitability of the human jaw-stretch reflex.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for levodopa-induced dyskinesias in Parkinson's disease.
Disulfiram-like syndrome after hydrogen cyanamide professional skin exposure: two case reports in France.
Repeated trimipramine induces dopamine D2/D3 and alpha1-adrenergic up-regulation.
Ranitidine-induced acute interstitial nephritis in a cadaveric renal allograft.
Late, late doxorubicin cardiotoxicity.
Acetazolamide-induced nephrolithiasis: implications for treatment of neuromuscular disorders.
Is the treatment of scabies hazardous?
Anaesthetists' nightmare: masseter spasm after induction in an undiagnosed case of myotonia congenita.
Toxicity in rhesus monkeys following administration of the 8-aminoquinoline 8-[(4-amino-l-methylbutyl)amino]- 5-(l-hexyloxy)-6-methoxy-4-methylquinoline (WR242511).
Neuroplasticity of the adult primate auditory cortex following cochlear hearing loss.
The site of common side effects of sumatriptan.
Tremor side effects of salbutamol, quantified by a laser pointer technique.
Increased frequency of venous thromboembolism with the combination of docetaxel and thalidomide in patients with metastatic androgen-independent prostate cancer.
Sublingual absorption of the quaternary ammonium antiarrhythmic agent, UM-272.
Severe thrombocytopenia and haemolytic anaemia associated with ciprofloxacin: a case report with fatal outcome.
Simvastatin-induced bilateral leg compartment syndrome and myonecrosis associated with hypothyroidism.
Bile duct hamartoma occurring in association with long-term treatment with danazol.
Granulomatous hepatitis due to combination of amoxicillin and clavulanic acid.
Intracranial aneurysms and cocaine abuse: analysis of prognostic indicators.
Anti-epileptic drugs-induced de novo absence seizures.
Procainamide-induced polymorphous ventricular tachycardia.
Role of activation of bradykinin B2 receptors in disruption of the blood-brain barrier during acute hypertension.
5-azacytidine potentiates initiation induced by carcinogens in rat liver.
Withdrawal-emergent rabbit syndrome during dose reduction of risperidone.
Verapamil withdrawal as a possible cause of myocardial infarction in a hypertensive woman with a normal coronary angiogram.
Remission induction of meningeal leukemia with high-dose intravenous methotrexate.
Hypersensitivity to carbamazepine presenting with a leukemoid reaction, eosinophilia, erythroderma, and renal failure.
The interpeduncular nucleus regulates nicotine's effects on free-field activity.
Assessment of a new non-invasive index of cardiac performance for detection of dobutamine-induced myocardial ischemia.
Acute liver failure in two patients with regular alcohol consumption ingesting paracetamol at therapeutic dosage.
Cocaine related chest pain: are we seeing the tip of an iceberg?
Severe rhabdomyolysis and acute renal failure secondary to concomitant use of simvastatin, amiodarone, and atazanavir.
Phase II trial of vinorelbine in metastatic squamous cell esophageal carcinoma. European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Gastrointestinal Treat Cancer Cooperative Group.
Paclitaxel, cisplatin, and gemcitabine combination chemotherapy within a multidisciplinary therapeutic approach in metastatic nonsmall cell lung carcinoma.
Evaluation of adverse reactions of aponidine hydrochloride ophthalmic solution.
Carmofur-induced organic mental disorders.
International mexiletine and placebo antiarrhythmic coronary trial: I. Report on arrhythmia and other findings. Impact Research Group.
Regional localization of the antagonism of amphetamine-induced hyperactivity by intracerebral calcitonin injections.
Fatal intracranial bleeding associated with prehospital use of epinephrine.
A case of massive rhabdomyolysis following molindone administration.
Cardiovascular alterations in rat fetuses exposed to calcium channel blockers.
Differential impact of immune escape mutations G145R and P120T on the replication of lamivudine-resistant hepatitis B virus e antigen-positive and -negative strains.
The effects of sevoflurane on lidocaine-induced convulsions.
Anti-oxidant effects of atorvastatin in dexamethasone-induced hypertension in the rat.
99mTc-glucarate for detection of isoproterenol-induced myocardial infarction in rats.
A randomized, placebo-controlled dose-comparison trial of haloperidol for psychosis and disruptive behaviors in Alzheimer's disease.
Individual differences in renal ACE activity in healthy rats predict susceptibility to adriamycin-induced renal damage.
Clinical nephrotoxicity of tobramycin and gentamicin. A prospective study.
Neuroprotective action of MPEP, a selective mGluR5 antagonist, in methamphetamine-induced dopaminergic neurotoxicity is associated with a decrease in dopamine outflow and inhibition of hyperthermia in rats.
Pharmacokinetics of desipramine HCl when administered with cinacalcet HCl.
Proteomic analysis of striatal proteins in the rat model of L-DOPA-induced dyskinesia.
Pseudo-allergic reactions to corticosteroids: diagnosis and alternatives.
Valproic acid induced encephalopathy--19 new cases in Germany from 1994 to 2003--a side effect associated to VPA-therapy not only in young children.
Haemolytic-uraemic syndrome after treatment with metronidazole.
Risk factors of sensorineural hearing loss in preterm infants.
Pharmacokinetic and clinical studies in patients with cimetidine-associated mental confusion.
Different lobular distributions of altered hepatocyte tight junctions in rat models of intrahepatic and extrahepatic cholestasis.
Long term audiological evaluation of beta-thalassemic patients.
Design and analysis of the HYPREN-trial: safety of enalapril and prazosin in the initial treatment phase of patients with congestive heart failure.
Antagonism between interleukin 3 and erythropoietin in mice with azidothymidine-induced anemia and in bone marrow endothelial cells.
Interactive effects of variations in [Na]o and [Ca]o on rat atrial spontaneous frequency.
Sodium status influences chronic amphotericin B nephrotoxicity in rats.
Reversible inferior colliculus lesion in metronidazole-induced encephalopathy: magnetic resonance findings on diffusion-weighted and fluid attenuated inversion recovery imaging.
Comparison of the respiratory effects of i.v. infusions of morphine and regional analgesia by extradural block.
Magnetic resonance volumetry of the cerebellum in epileptic patients after phenytoin overdosages.
Evaluation of cardiac troponin I and T levels as markers of myocardial damage in doxorubicin-induced cardiomyopathy rats, and their relationship with echocardiographic and histological findings.
Calcineurin-inhibitor induced pain syndrome (CIPS): a severe disabling complication after organ transplantation.
The haemodynamic effects of propofol in combination with ephedrine in elderly patients (ASA groups 3 and 4).
Neurotoxicity of halogenated hydroxyquinolines: clinical analysis of cases reported outside Japan.
Epileptic seizures following cortical application of fibrin sealants containing tranexamic acid in rats.
A diet promoting sugar dependency causes behavioral cross-sensitization to a low dose of amphetamine.
D-penicillamine-induced angiopathy in rats. The effect of high dose D-penicillamine treatment on aortic permeability to albumin and on the ultrastructure of the vessel.
Brain natriuretic peptide is a predictor of anthracycline-induced cardiotoxicity.
Antibacterial medication use during pregnancy and risk of birth defects: National Birth Defects Prevention Study.
Incidence of neoplasms in patients with rheumatoid arthritis exposed to different treatment regimens.
Patterns of hepatic injury induced by methyldopa.
A phase I/II study of paclitaxel plus cisplatin as first-line therapy for head and neck cancers: preliminary results.
A phase I study of 4'-0-tetrahydropyranyladriamycin. Clinical pharmacology and pharmacokinetics.
Differential effects of gamma-hexachlorocyclohexane (lindane) on pharmacologically-induced seizures.
Severe ocular and orbital toxicity after intracarotid injection of carboplatin for recurrent glioblastomas.
Phase II study of the amsacrine analogue CI-921 (NSC 343499) in non-small cell lung cancer.
Alpha-lipoic acid prevents mitochondrial damage and neurotoxicity in experimental chemotherapy neuropathy.
Optimising stroke prevention in non-valvular atrial fibrillation.
Interaction of cyclosporin A with antineoplastic agents.
The hematologic effects of cefonicid and cefazedone in the dog: a potential model of cephalosporin hematotoxicity in man.
A pyridoxine-dependent behavioral disorder unmasked by isoniazid.
A selective dopamine D4 receptor antagonist, NRA0160: a preclinical neuropharmacological profile.
Prolonged cholestasis after troleandomycin-induced acute hepatitis.
HMG CoA reductase inhibitors. Current clinical experience.
Sulfasalazine-induced lupus erythematosus.
Optimization of levodopa therapy.
Alpha and beta coma in drug intoxication uncomplicated by cerebral hypoxia.
Omitting fentanyl reduces nausea and vomiting, without increasing pain, after sevoflurane for day surgery.
Renal Fanconi syndrome and myopathy after liver transplantation: drug-related mitochondrial cytopathy?
Antipsychotic-like profile of thioperamide, a selective H3-receptor antagonist in mice.
Transient platypnea-orthodeoxia-like syndrome induced by propafenone overdose in a young woman with Ebstein's anomaly.
A Phase II trial of cisplatin plus WR-2721 (amifostine) for metastatic breast carcinoma: an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Study (E8188).
Warfarin-induced iliopsoas hemorrhage with subsequent femoral nerve palsy.
Myasthenia gravis caused by penicillamine and chloroquine therapy for rheumatoid arthritis.
Nephrotoxicity of combined cephalothin-gentamicin regimen.
Components of lemon essential oil attenuate dementia induced by scopolamine.
The selective 5-HT6 receptor antagonist Ro4368554 restores memory performance in cholinergic and serotonergic models of memory deficiency in the rat.
Lone atrial fibrillation associated with creatine monohydrate supplementation.
Comparison of developmental toxicity of selective and non-selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors in CRL:(WI)WUBR Wistar rats--DFU and piroxicam study.
Protective efficacy of neuroactive steroids against cocaine kindled-seizures in mice.
Kidney function and morphology after short-term combination therapy with cyclosporine A, tacrolimus and sirolimus in the rat.
Effect of fucoidan treatment on collagenase-induced intracerebral hemorrhage in rats.
Paracetamol-associated coma, metabolic acidosis, renal and hepatic failure.
Hepatic reactions associated with ketoconazole in the United Kingdom.
Combined effects of prolonged prostaglandin E1-induced hypotension and haemodilution on human hepatic function.
Levodopa-induced dyskinesias in patients with Parkinson's disease: filling the bench-to-bedside gap.
Prevention of seizures and reorganization of hippocampal functions by transplantation of bone marrow cells in the acute phase of experimental epilepsy.
Cardioprotective effect of salvianolic acid A on isoproterenol-induced myocardial infarction in rats.
Acute effects of N-(2-propylpentanoyl)urea on hippocampal amino acid neurotransmitters in pilocarpine-induced seizure in rats.
Acute hepatitis attack after exposure to telithromycin.
Spironolactone-induced renal insufficiency and hyperkalemia in patients with heart failure.
End-stage renal disease (ESRD) after orthotopic liver transplantation (OLTX) using calcineurin-based immunotherapy: risk of development and treatment.
Effect of intravenous nimodipine on blood pressure and outcome after acute stroke.
Transient neurologic symptoms after spinal anesthesia: a lower incidence with prilocaine and bupivacaine than with lidocaine.
The role of nicotine in smoking-related cardiovascular disease.
Seizure resulting from a venlafaxine overdose.
Effect of nifedipine on renal function in liver transplant recipients receiving tacrolimus.
Sinus arrest associated with continuous-infusion cimetidine.
Composition of gall bladder stones associated with octreotide: response to oral ursodeoxycholic acid.
Cardiovascular complications associated with terbutaline treatment for preterm labor.
Neurologic effects of subarachnoid administration of 2-chloroprocaine-CE, bupivacaine, and low pH normal saline in dogs.
Early adjuvant adriamycin in superficial bladder carcinoma.
Hyperkalemia associated with sulindac therapy.
Ventricular tachyarrhythmias during cesarean section after ritodrine therapy: interaction with anesthetics.
Immunohistochemical, electron microscopic and morphometric studies of estrogen-induced rat prolactinomas after bromocriptine treatment.
On two paradoxical side-effects of prednisolone in rats, ribosomal RNA biosyntheses, and a mechanism of action.
Possible intramuscular midazolam-associated cardiorespiratory arrest and death.
Serial epilepsy caused by levodopa/carbidopa administration in two patients on hemodialysis.
Effect of L-alpha-glyceryl-phosphorylcholine on amnesia caused by scopolamine.
Seizures induced by the cocaine metabolite benzoylecgonine in rats.
Protection against amphetamine-induced neurotoxicity toward striatal dopamine neurons in rodents by LY274614, an excitatory amino acid antagonist.
Neonatal pyridoxine responsive convulsions due to isoniazid therapy.
Reversal by phenylephrine of the beneficial effects of intravenous nitroglycerin in patients with acute myocardial infarction.
Elevation of ADAM10, ADAM17, MMP-2 and MMP-9 expression with media degeneration features CaCl2-induced thoracic aortic aneurysm in a rat model.
When drugs disappear from the patient: elimination of intravenous medication by hemodiafiltration.
Long-term glutamate supplementation failed to protect against peripheral neurotoxicity of paclitaxel.
Attentional modulation of perceived pain intensity in capsaicin-induced secondary hyperalgesia.
Testosterone-dependent hypertension and upregulation of intrarenal angiotensinogen in Dahl salt-sensitive rats.
Prenatal protein deprivation alters dopamine-mediated behaviors and dopaminergic and glutamatergic receptor binding.
mToR inhibitors-induced proteinuria: mechanisms, significance, and management.
Hypothalamic prolactin receptor messenger ribonucleic acid levels, prolactin signaling, and hyperprolactinemic inhibition of pulsatile luteinizing hormone secretion are dependent on estradiol.
Estrogen prevents cholesteryl ester accumulation in macrophages induced by the HIV protease inhibitor ritonavir.
Upregulation of brain expression of P-glycoprotein in MRP2-deficient TR(-) rats resembles seizure-induced up-regulation of this drug efflux transporter in normal rats.
Use of chromosome substitution strains to identify seizure susceptibility loci in mice.
Investigation of mitochondrial involvement in the experimental model of epilepsy induced by pilocarpine.
Causes of acute thrombotic microangiopathy in patients receiving kidney transplantation.
Severe reversible left ventricular systolic and diastolic dysfunction due to accidental iatrogenic epinephrine overdose.
Urinary bladder cancer in Wegener's granulomatosis: risks and relation to cyclophosphamide.
L-arginine transport in humans with cortisol-induced hypertension.
MR imaging with quantitative diffusion mapping of tacrolimus-induced neurotoxicity in organ transplant patients.
Octreotide-induced hypoxemia and pulmonary hypertension in premature neonates.
Sequential observations of exencephaly and subsequent morphological changes by mouse exo utero development system: analysis of the mechanism of transformation from exencephaly to anencephaly.
Acute cocaine-induced seizures: differential sensitivity of six inbred mouse strains.
Microangiopathic hemolytic anemia complicating FK506 (tacrolimus) therapy.
Variant ventricular tachycardia in desipramine toxicity.
Desipramine-induced delirium at "subtherapeutic" concentrations: a case report.
Mouse strain-dependent effect of amantadine on motility and brain biogenic amines.
No enhancement by phenobarbital of the hepatocarcinogenicity of a choline-devoid diet in the rat.
Effect of direct intracoronary administration of methylergonovine in patients with and without variant angina.
Dobutamine stress echocardiography: a sensitive indicator of diminished myocardial function in asymptomatic doxorubicin-treated long-term survivors of childhood cancer.
Effects of aminophylline on the threshold for initiating ventricular fibrillation during respiratory failure.
Case report: acute unintentional carbachol intoxication.
Crossover comparison of efficacy and preference for rizatriptan 10 mg versus ergotamine/caffeine in migraine.
Thrombotic microangiopathy and renal failure associated with antineoplastic chemotherapy.
Salvage therapy with nelarabine, etoposide, and cyclophosphamide in relapsed/refractory paediatric T-cell lymphoblastic leukaemia and lymphoma.
The 3-week sulphasalazine syndrome strikes again.
Bupropion (Zyban) toxicity.
Survey of complications of indocyanine green angiography in Japan.
Bradykinin receptors antagonists and nitric oxide synthase inhibitors in vincristine and streptozotocin induced hyperalgesia in chemotherapy and diabetic neuropathy rat model.
Cardiac toxicity observed in association with high-dose cyclophosphamide-based chemotherapy for metastatic breast cancer.
Inappropriate use of carbamazepine and vigabatrin in typical absence seizures.
Hemolytic anemia associated with the use of omeprazole.
The use and toxicity of didanosine (ddI) in HIV antibody-positive individuals intolerant to zidovudine (AZT)
Can angiogenesis be a target of treatment for ribavirin associated hemolytic anemia?
Cocaine causes memory and learning impairments in rats: involvement of nuclear factor kappa B and oxidative stress, and prevention by topiramate.
Antinociceptive and antiamnesic properties of the presynaptic cholinergic amplifier PG-9.
Hyperbaric oxygen therapy for control of intractable cyclophosphamide-induced hemorrhagic cystitis.
Further studies on effects of irrigation solutions on rat bladders.
Clinical experiences in an open and a double-blind trial.
Curcumin ameliorates cognitive dysfunction and oxidative damage in phenobarbitone and carbamazepine administered rats.
Pyrrolidine dithiocarbamate protects the piriform cortex in the pilocarpine status epilepticus model.
Safety profile of a nicotine lozenge compared with that of nicotine gum in adult smokers with underlying medical conditions: a 12-week, randomized, open-label study.
Development of levodopa-induced dyskinesias in parkinsonian monkeys may depend upon rate of symptom onset and/or duration of symptoms.
Propylthiouracil-induced perinuclear-staining antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibody-positive vasculitis in conjunction with pericarditis.
Two mouse lines selected for differential sensitivities to beta-carboline-induced seizures are also differentially sensitive to various pharmacological effects of other GABA(A) receptor ligands.
Analgesic effect of intravenous ketamine in cancer patients on morphine therapy: a randomized, controlled, double-blind, crossover, double-dose study.
Endocrine screening in 1,022 men with erectile dysfunction: clinical significance and cost-effective strategy.
Thiopentone pretreatment for propofol injection pain in ambulatory patients.
Comparison of i.v. glycopyrrolate and atropine in the prevention of bradycardia and arrhythmias following repeated doses of suxamethonium in children.
Reduction in caffeine toxicity by acetaminophen.
Flestolol: an ultra-short-acting beta-adrenergic blocking agent.
Adverse effect of the calcium channel blocker nitrendipine on nephrosclerosis in rats with renovascular hypertension.
Treatment of tinnitus by intratympanic instillation of lignocaine (lidocaine) 2 per cent through ventilation tubes.
Perhexiline maleate and peripheral neuropathy.
Effect of humoral modulators of morphine-induced increase in locomotor activity of mice.
Mechanisms of FK 506-induced hypertension in the rat.
Suxamethonium induced prolonged apnea in a patient receiving electroconvulsive therapy.
The effects of the adjunctive bupropion on male sexual dysfunction induced by a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor: a double-blind placebo-controlled and randomized study.
Lamivudine for the prevention of hepatitis B virus reactivation in hepatitis-B surface antigen (HBSAG) seropositive cancer patients undergoing cytotoxic chemotherapy.
Ginsenoside Rg1 restores the impairment of learning induced by chronic morphine administration in rats.
A study on the effect of the duration of subcutaneous heparin injection on bruising and pain.
Acute reserpine and subchronic haloperidol treatments change synaptosomal brain glutamate uptake and elicit orofacial dyskinesia in rats.
Acute psychosis due to treatment with phenytoin in a nonepileptic patient.
The effect of treatment with gum Arabic on gentamicin nephrotoxicity in rats: a preliminary study.
Visual hallucinations associated with zonisamide.
GLEPP1 receptor tyrosine phosphatase (Ptpro) in rat PAN nephrosis. A marker of acute podocyte injury.
Ticlopidine-induced aplastic anemia: report of three Chinese patients and review of the literature.
Facilitation of memory retrieval by pre-test morphine and its state dependency in the step-through type passive avoidance learning test in mice.
Test conditions influence the response to a drug challenge in rodents.
Tricuspid valve regurgitation and lithium carbonate toxicity in a newborn infant.
Phenobarbital-induced dyskinesia in a neurologically-impaired child.
Acute changes of blood ammonia may predict short-term adverse effects of valproic acid.
Effects of calcitonin on rat extrapyramidal motor system: behavioral and biochemical data.
Development of isoproterenol-induced cardiac hypertrophy.
Co-carcinogenic effect of retinyl acetate on forestomach carcinogenesis of male F344 rats induced with butylated hydroxyanisole.
Ketanserin pretreatment reverses alfentanil-induced muscle rigidity.
Glycopyrronium requirements for antagonism of the muscarinic side effects of edrophonium.
Involvement of locus coeruleus and noradrenergic neurotransmission in fentanyl-induced muscular rigidity in the rat.
Cerebral sinus thrombosis as a potential hazard of antifibrinolytic treatment in menorrhagia.
Hemorrhagic cystitis complicating bone marrow transplantation.
Reversal of central benzodiazepine effects by flumazenil after intravenous conscious sedation with diazepam and opioids: report of a double-blind multicenter study. The Flumazenil in Intravenous Conscious Sedation with Diazepam Multicenter Study Group II.
Hepatic adenomas and focal nodular hyperplasia of the liver in young women on oral contraceptives: case reports.
Arterial thromboembolism in patients receiving systemic heparin therapy: a complication associated with heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
Long-term prognosis for transplant-free survivors of paracetamol-induced acute liver failure.
Serotonin 6 receptor gene is associated with methamphetamine-induced psychosis in a Japanese population.
Effect of increasing intraperitoneal infusion rates on bupropion hydrochloride-induced seizures in mice.
Detailed spectral profile analysis of penicillin-induced epileptiform activity in anesthetized rats.
High dose dexmedetomidine as the sole sedative for pediatric MRI.
Methamphetamine causes alterations in the MAP kinase-related pathways in the brains of mice that display increased aggressiveness.
Lamotrigine associated with exacerbation or de novo myoclonus in idiopathic generalized epilepsies.
rTMS of supplementary motor area modulates therapy-induced dyskinesias in Parkinson disease.
Assessment of the onset and persistence of amnesia during procedural sedation with propofol.
Assessment of perinatal hepatitis B and rubella prevention in New Hampshire delivery hospitals.
Expression of p300 protects cardiac myocytes from apoptosis in vivo.
Mitochondrial DNA and its respiratory chain products are defective in doxorubicin nephrosis.
Amphotericin B-induced seizures in a patient with AIDS.
Therapeutic drug monitoring of tobramycin: once-daily versus twice-daily dosage schedules.
Chronic effects of a novel synthetic anthracycline derivative (SM-5887) on normal heart and doxorubicin-induced cardiomyopathy in beagle dogs.
Posteroventral medial pallidotomy in advanced Parkinson's disease.
Neuropeptide-Y immunoreactivity in the pilocarpine model of temporal lobe epilepsy.
Effect of myopic excimer laser photorefractive keratectomy on the electrophysiologic function of the retina and optic nerve.
Liposomal daunorubicin in advanced Kaposi's sarcoma: a phase II study.
Failure of ancrod in the treatment of heparin-induced arterial thrombosis.
Seizure after flumazenil administration in a pediatric patient.
Remodelling of nerve structure in experimental isoniazid neuropathy in the rat.
Selective injection of iopentol, iohexol and metrizoate into the left coronary artery of the dog. Induction of ventricular fibrillation and decrease of aortic pressure.
Magnetic resonance imaging of cerebral venous thrombosis secondary to "low-dose" birth control pills.
Relation of perfusion defects observed with myocardial contrast echocardiography to the severity of coronary stenosis: correlation with thallium-201 single-photon emission tomography.
Potential deleterious effect of furosemide in radiocontrast nephropathy.
The renal pathology in a case of lithium-induced diabetes insipidus.
Etiologic factors in the pathogenesis of liver tumors associated with oral contraceptives.
Graft-versus-host disease prophylaxis with everolimus and tacrolimus is associated with a high incidence of sinusoidal obstruction syndrome and microangiopathy: results of the EVTAC trial.
Effect of some convulsants on the protective activity of loreclezole and its combinations with valproate or clonazepam in amygdala-kindled rats.
Acute liver failure with concurrent bupropion and carbimazole therapy.
Long term hormone therapy for perimenopausal and postmenopausal women.
Passage of mannitol into the brain around gliomas: a potential cause of rebound phenomenon. A study on 21 patients.
Can lidocaine reduce succinylcholine induced postoperative myalgia?
Open-label assessment of levofloxacin for the treatment of acute bacterial sinusitis in adults.
Clinical evaluation on combined administration of oral prostacyclin analogue beraprost and phosphodiesterase inhibitor cilostazol.
Gastrointestinal tolerability of etoricoxib in rheumatoid arthritis patients: results of the etoricoxib vs diclofenac sodium gastrointestinal tolerability and effectiveness trial (EDGE-II).
Placebo-level incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms (EPS) with quetiapine in controlled studies of patients with bipolar mania.
Contribution of the sympathetic nervous system to salt-sensitivity in lifetime captopril-treated spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Dose-related beneficial and adverse effects of dietary corticosterone on organophosphorus-induced delayed neuropathy in chickens.
In vivo characterization of a dual adenosine A2A/A1 receptor antagonist in animal models of Parkinson's disease.
An extremely rare case of delusional parasitosis in a chronic hepatitis C patient during pegylated interferon alpha-2b and ribavirin treatment.
Possible neuroleptic malignant syndrome related to concomitant treatment with paroxetine and alprazolam.
Pilocarpine seizures cause age-dependent impairment in auditory location discrimination.
Cardiovascular risk with cyclooxygenase inhibitors: general problem with substance specific differences?
Predictors of decreased renal function in patients with heart failure during angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor therapy: results from the studies of left ventricular dysfunction (SOLVD)
Pemoline induced acute choreoathetosis: case report and review of the literature.
Continuous subcutaneous administration of mesna to prevent ifosfamide-induced hemorrhagic cystitis.
Modification of drug action by hyperammonemia.
Risk of nephropathy after consumption of nonionic contrast media by children undergoing cardiac angiography: a prospective study.
A case of ventricular tachycardia related to caffeine pretreatment.
Optical coherence tomography can measure axonal loss in patients with ethambutol-induced optic neuropathy.
Effects of the cyclooxygenase-2 specific inhibitor valdecoxib versus nonsteroidal antiinflammatory agents and placebo on cardiovascular thrombotic events in patients with arthritis.
A randomized, placebo-controlled, crossover study of ephedrine for SSRI-induced female sexual dysfunction.
Erectile dysfunction occurs following substantia nigra lesions in the rat.
Potential therapeutic use of the selective dopamine D1 receptor agonist, A-86929: an acute study in parkinsonian levodopa-primed monkeys.
Deaths from local anesthetic-induced convulsions in mice.
Myoclonic, atonic, and absence seizures following institution of carbamazepine therapy in children.
Naloxone reversal of hypotension due to captopril overdose.
Carbamazepine-induced cardiac dysfunction. Characterization of two distinct clinical syndromes.
Glutamatergic neurotransmission mediated by NMDA receptors in the inferior colliculus can modulate haloperidol-induced catalepsy.
Metabotropic glutamate 7 receptor subtype modulates motor symptoms in rodent models of Parkinson's disease.
Nimodipine prevents memory impairment caused by nitroglycerin-induced hypotension in adult mice.
Fatal haemopericardium and gastrointestinal haemorrhage due to possible interaction of cranberry juice with warfarin.
Isoproterenol induces primary loss of dystrophin in rat hearts: correlation with myocardial injury.
High fat diet-fed obese rats are highly sensitive to doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity.
Complete atrioventricular block secondary to lithium therapy.
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome induced by ziprasidone on the second day of treatment.
Role of mangiferin on biochemical alterations and antioxidant status in isoproterenol-induced myocardial infarction in rats.
Remifentanil pretreatment reduces myoclonus after etomidate.
Daidzein activates choline acetyltransferase from MC-IXC cells and improves drug-induced amnesia.
Possible azithromycin-associated hiccups.
Time trends in warfarin-associated hemorrhage.
Fatal haemorrhagic myocarditis secondary to cyclophosphamide therapy.
Glyceryl trinitrate induces attacks of migraine without aura in sufferers of migraine with aura.
Stroke and cocaine or amphetamine use.
Prevention of breast cancer with tamoxifen: preliminary findings from the Italian randomised trial among hysterectomised women. Italian Tamoxifen Prevention Study.
A measure of pupillary oscillation as a marker of cocaine-induced paranoia.
Seizures induced by combined levomepromazine-fluvoxamine treatment.
Why may epsilon-aminocaproic acid (EACA) induce myopathy in man? Report of a case and literature review.
Comparison of the effectiveness of ranitidine and cimetidine in inhibiting acid secretion in patients with gastric hypersecretory states.
A catch in the Reye.
St. Anthony's fire, then and now: a case report and historical review.
Beta-2-adrenoceptor-mediated hypokalemia and its abolishment by oxprenolol.
Midline B3 serotonin nerves in rat medulla are involved in hypotensive effect of methyldopa.
Yohimbine treatment of sexual side effects induced by serotonin reuptake blockers.
Hypersensitivity immune reaction as a mechanism for dilevalol-associated hepatitis.
Reversible myocardial hypertrophy induced by tacrolimus in a pediatric heart transplant recipient: case report.
Comparison of unilateral pallidotomy and subthalamotomy findings in advanced idiopathic Parkinson's disease.
Protective effects of antithrombin on puromycin aminonucleoside nephrosis in rats.
Reverse or inverted left ventricular apical ballooning syndrome (reverse Takotsubo cardiomyopathy) in a young woman in the setting of amphetamine use.
Attenuated disruption of prepulse inhibition by dopaminergic stimulation after maternal deprivation and adolescent corticosterone treatment in rats.
Peripheral iron dextran induced degeneration of dopaminergic neurons in rat substantia nigra.
Warfarin-induced leukocytoclastic vasculitis.
The activation of spinal N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors may contribute to degeneration of spinal motor neurons induced by neuraxial morphine after a noninjurious interval of spinal cord ischemia.
Reduced sodium channel density, altered voltage dependence of inactivation, and increased susceptibility to seizures in mice lacking sodium channel beta 2-subunits.
Screening for stimulant use in adult emergency department seizure patients.
Evidence of functional somatotopy in GPi from results of pallidotomy.
Pain responses in methadone-maintained opioid abusers.
Urine N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase--a marker of tubular damage?
Over expression of vascular endothelial growth factor and its receptor during the development of estrogen-induced rat pituitary tumors may mediate estrogen-initiated tumor angiogenesis.
Pravastatin-associated myopathy. Report of a case.
Dose-effect and structure-function relationships in doxorubicin cardiomyopathy.
Fatal aplastic anemia following topical administration of ophthalmic chloramphenicol.
Bradycardia due to trihexyphenidyl hydrochloride.
Experimental cyclosporine nephrotoxicity: risk of concomitant chemotherapy.
Receptor mechanisms of nicotine-induced locomotor hyperactivity in chronic nicotine-treated rats.
Hydrocortisone-induced hypertension in humans: pressor responsiveness and sympathetic function.
Effects of suprofen on the isolated perfused rat kidney.
Cocaine-induced brainstem seizures and behavior.
Increased sulfation and decreased 7alpha-hydroxylation of deoxycholic acid in ethinyl estradiol-induced cholestasis in rats.
Effects of ouabain on myocardial oxygen supply and demand in patients with chronic coronary artery disease. A hemodynamic, volumetric, and metabolic study in patients without heart failure.
Prolongation of the QT interval related to cisapride-diltiazem interaction.
Paclitaxel combined with carboplatin in the first-line treatment of advanced ovarian cancer.
Treatment of tacrolimus-related adverse effects by conversion to cyclosporine in liver transplant recipients.
Relative efficacy and toxicity of netilmicin and tobramycin in oncology patients.
Effect of prostaglandin synthetase inhibitors on experimentally induced convulsions in rats.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor-associated angioedema of the stomach and small intestine: a case report.
Valproic acid I: time course of lipid peroxidation biomarkers, liver toxicity, and valproic acid metabolite levels in rats.
Pheochromocytoma unmasked by amisulpride and tiapride.
Quantitative drug levels in stimulant psychosis: relationship to symptom severity, catecholamines and hyperkinesia.
Delayed asystolic cardiac arrest after diltiazem overdose; resuscitation with high dose intravenous calcium.
Renal papillary necrosis due to naproxen.
Adverse interaction between beta-adrenergic blocking drugs and verapamil--report of three cases.
Adverse reactions to bendrofluazide and propranolol for the treatment of mild hypertension. Report of Medical Research Council Working Party on Mild to Moderate Hypertension.
Dexmedetomidine and cardiac protection for non-cardiac surgery: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Differential diagnosis of high serum creatine kinase levels in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Intravenous ribavirin treatment for severe adenovirus disease in immunocompromised children.
Hepatotoxicity of amiodarone.
Catalepsy induced by combinations of ketamine and morphine: potentiation, antagonism, tolerance and cross-tolerance in the rat.
Acute renal failure in patients with AIDS on tenofovir while receiving prolonged vancomycin course for osteomyelitis.
Delayed leukoencephalopathy with stroke-like presentation in chemotherapy recipients.
Down-regulation of norepinephrine transporter function induced by chronic administration of desipramine linking to the alteration of sensitivity of local-anesthetics-induced convulsions and the counteraction by co-administration with local anesthetics.
Definition and management of anemia in patients infected with hepatitis C virus.
Calcium carbonate toxicity: the updated milk-alkali syndrome; report of 3 cases and review of the literature.
Management strategies for ribavirin-induced hemolytic anemia in the treatment of hepatitis C: clinical and economic implications.
Effects of amine pretreatment on ketamine catatonia in pinealectomized or hypophysectomized animals.
Multicenter, double-blind, multiple-dose, parallel-groups efficacy and safety trial of azelastine, chlorpheniramine, and placebo in the treatment of spring allergic rhinitis.
Obsolete but dangerous antacid preparations.
Prolonged paralysis due to nondepolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents and corticosteroids.
Prostaglandin E2-induced bladder hyperactivity in normal, conscious rats: involvement of tachykinins?
Thiazide diuretics, hypokalemia and cardiac arrhythmias.
Diuretics, potassium and arrhythmias in hypertensive coronary disease.
GABA involvement in naloxone induced reversal of respiratory paralysis produced by thiopental.
National project on the prevention of mother-to-infant infection by hepatitis B virus in Japan.
Nociceptive effects induced by intrathecal administration of prostaglandin D2, E2, or F2 alpha to conscious mice.
Swallowing-induced atrial tachyarrhythmia triggered by salbutamol: case report and review of the literature.
Coenzyme Q10 treatment ameliorates acute cisplatin nephrotoxicity in mice.
Metformin prevents experimental gentamicin-induced nephropathy by a mitochondria-dependent pathway.
Sedation depth during spinal anesthesia and the development of postoperative delirium in elderly patients undergoing hip fracture repair.
Sorafenib-induced acute myocardial infarction due to coronary artery spasm.
Anxiogenic potential of ciprofloxacin and norfloxacin in rats.
Myocardial Fas ligand expression increases susceptibility to AZT-induced cardiomyopathy.
Valproate-induced chorea and encephalopathy in atypical nonketotic hyperglycinemia.
Microinjection of ritanserin into the CA1 region of hippocampus improves scopolamine-induced amnesia in adult male rats.
Hypoxia in renal disease with proteinuria and/or glomerular hypertension.
Consensus statement concerning cardiotoxicity occurring during haematopoietic stem cell transplantation in the treatment of autoimmune diseases, with special reference to systemic sclerosis and multiple sclerosis.
Immunohistochemical study on inducible type of nitric oxide (iNOS), basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF) and tumor growth factor-beta1 (TGF-beta1) in arteritis induced in rats by fenoldopam and theophylline, vasodilators.
Low-molecular-weight heparin for the treatment of patients with mechanical heart valves.
Topiramate-induced nephrolithiasis.
Spironolactone: is it a novel drug for the prevention of amphotericin B-related hypokalemia in cancer patients?
Dopamine D2 receptor signaling controls neuronal cell death induced by muscarinic and glutamatergic drugs.
Treatment of risperidone-induced hyperprolactinemia with a dopamine agonist in children.
Cholestatic jaundice associated with the use of metformin.
Electro-oculography, electroretinography, visual evoked potentials, and multifocal electroretinography in patients with vigabatrin-attributed visual field constriction.
Conversion to rapamycin immunosuppression in renal transplant recipients: report of an initial experience.
Worsening of levodopa-induced dyskinesias by motor and mental tasks.
Structural and functional impairment of mitochondria in adriamycin-induced cardiomyopathy in mice: suppression of cytochrome c oxidase II gene expression.
Enhanced bradycardia induced by beta-adrenoceptor antagonists in rats pretreated with isoniazid.
Epileptogenic activity of folic acid after drug induces SLE (folic acid and epilepsy)
Effects of cisapride on symptoms and postcibal small-bowel motor function in patients with irritable bowel syndrome.
Clarithromycin-induced ventricular tachycardia.
Persistent nephrogenic diabetes insipidus following lithium therapy.
Late cardiotoxicity after treatment for a malignant bone tumor.
Venous complications of midazolam versus diazepam.
Tetany and rhabdomyolysis due to surreptitious furosemide--importance of magnesium supplementation.
Loss of glutamate decarboxylase mRNA-containing neurons in the rat dentate gyrus following pilocarpine-induced seizures.
Protective effect of misoprostol on indomethacin induced renal dysfunction in elderly patients.
Nephrotoxic effects of aminoglycoside treatment on renal protein reabsorption and accumulation.
Pharmacology of GYKI-41 099 (chlorpropanol, Tobanum) a new potent beta-adrenergic antagonist.
Chorea associated with oral contraception.
Reversal of ammonia coma in rats by L-dopa: a peripheral effect.
Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia after liver transplantation.
PTU-associated vasculitis in a girl with Turner Syndrome and Graves' disease.
Succinylcholine-induced masseter muscle rigidity during bronchoscopic removal of a tracheal foreign body.
Minor neurological dysfunction, cognitive development, and somatic development at the age of 3 to 7 years after dexamethasone treatment in very-low birth-weight infants.
Force overflow and levodopa-induced dyskinesias in Parkinson's disease.
Postinfarction ventricular septal defect associated with long-term steroid therapy.
Angioedema associated with droperidol administration.
Clarithromycin-associated visual hallucinations in a patient with chronic renal failure on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
Acute renal toxicity of doxorubicin (adriamycin)-loaded cyanoacrylate nanoparticles.
Etoposide-related myocardial infarction.
Subjective assessment of sexual dysfunction of patients on long-term administration of digoxin.
Fatal aplastic anemia due to indomethacin--lymphocyte transformation tests in vitro.
Plasma and urinary lipids and lipoproteins during the development of nephrotic syndrome induced in the rat by puromycin aminonucleoside.
Circulating lysosomal enzymes and acute hepatic necrosis.
Transketolase abnormality in tolazamide-induced Wernicke's encephalopathy.
Mechanisms of myocardial ischemia induced by epinephrine: comparison with exercise-induced ischemia.
Transient contralateral rotation following unilateral substantia nigra lesion reflects susceptibility of the nigrostriatal system to exhaustion by amphetamine.
Thyroid function and urine-concentrating ability during lithium treatment.
Sensitivity of erythroid progenitor colonies to erythropoietin in azidothymidine treated immunodeficient mice.
Detection of abnormal cardiac adrenergic neuron activity in adriamycin-induced cardiomyopathy with iodine-125-metaiodobenzylguanidine.
Amnestic syndrome associated with propranolol toxicity: a case report.
Biphasic response of the SA node of the dog heart in vivo to selective administration of ketamine.
The use of serum cholinesterase in succinylcholine apnoea.
Orthostatic hypotension occurs following alpha 2-adrenoceptor blockade in chronic prazosin-pretreated conscious spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Coexistence of cerebral venous sinus and internal carotid artery thrombosis associated with exogenous sex hormones. A case report.
Chloroquine related complete heart block with blindness: case report.
Systemic toxicity and resuscitation in bupivacaine-, levobupivacaine-, or ropivacaine-infused rats.
22-oxacalcitriol suppresses secondary hyperparathyroidism without inducing low bone turnover in dogs with renal failure.
Chemotherapy of advanced inoperable non-small cell lung cancer with paclitaxel: a phase II trial.
Cerebral hemorrhage associated with phenylpropanolamine in combination with caffeine.
Long-term efficacy and toxicity of high-dose amiodarone therapy for ventricular tachycardia or ventricular fibrillation.
Effect of calcium chloride and 4-aminopyridine therapy on desipramine toxicity in rats.
Phase I trial of 13-cis-retinoic acid in children with neuroblastoma following bone marrow transplantation.
Effect of calcium chloride on gross behavioural changes produced by carbachol and eserine in cats.
Multiple side effects of penicillamine therapy in one patient with rheumatoid arthritis.
Electrocardiographic changes and cardiac arrhythmias in patients receiving psychotropic drugs.
Serotonergic drugs, benzodiazepines and baclofen block muscimol-induced myoclonic jerks in a strain of mice.
Hyperglycemic acidotic coma and death in Kearns-Sayre syndrome.
Effects of active constituents of Crocus sativus L., crocin on streptozocin-induced model of sporadic Alzheimer's disease in male rats.
Rosaceiform dermatitis associated with topical tacrolimus treatment.
A novel animal model to evaluate the ability of a drug delivery system to promote the passage through the BBB.
The antiarrhythmic effect and possible ionic mechanisms of pilocarpine on animal models.
Disulfiram-induced transient optic and peripheral neuropathy: a case report.
Sustained clinical improvement of a patient with decompensated hepatitis B virus-related cirrhosis after treatment with lamivudine monotherapy.
Dual effects of melatonin on barbiturate-induced narcosis in rats.
Effects of NIK-247 on cholinesterase and scopolamine-induced amnesia.
Nightmares and hallucinations after long-term intake of tramadol combined with antidepressants.
Apparent cure of rheumatoid arthritis by bone marrow transplantation.
Urinary enzymes and protein patterns as indicators of injury to different regions of the kidney.
Neuromuscular blockade with magnesium sulfate and nifedipine.
Ifosfamide continuous infusion without mesna. A phase I trial of a 14-day cycle.
Myocardial infarction in pregnancy associated with clomiphene citrate for ovulation induction: a case report.
Hepatonecrosis and cholangitis related to long-term phenobarbital therapy: an autopsy report of two patients.
Ethambutol-associated optic neuropathy.
Tolerability of nimesulide and paracetamol in patients with NSAID-induced urticaria/angioedema.
Effects of verapamil on atrial fibrillation and its electrophysiological determinants in dogs.
Hypotension, bradycardia, and asystole after high-dose intravenous methylprednisolone in a monitored patient.
Lifetime treatment of mice with azidothymidine (AZT) produces myelodysplasia.
Influence of diet free of NAD-precursors on acetaminophen hepatotoxicity in mice.
Antiarrhythmic plasma concentrations of cibenzoline on canine ventricular arrhythmias.
Immunopathology of penicillamine-induced glomerular disease.
Ventricular fibrillation from diatrizoate with and without chelating agents.
Rapid reversal of anticoagulation reduces hemorrhage volume in a mouse model of warfarin-associated intracerebral hemorrhage.
Impact of alcohol exposure after pregnancy recognition on ultrasonographic fetal growth measures.
Urinary symptoms and quality of life changes in Thai women with overactive bladder after tolterodine treatment.
Absence of acute cerebral vasoconstriction after cocaine-associated subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Atrial fibrillation following chemotherapy for stage IIIE diffuse large B-cell gastric lymphoma in a patient with myotonic dystrophy (Steinert's disease).
A phase II study of thalidomide in advanced metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
The striatum as a target for anti-rigor effects of an antagonist of mGluR1, but not an agonist of group II metabotropic glutamate receptors.
Acute cholestatic hepatitis after exposure to isoflurane.
Calcitonin gene-related peptide levels during nitric oxide-induced headache in patients with chronic tension-type headache.
Myocardial ischemia due to coronary artery spasm during dobutamine stress echocardiography.
Nitric oxide synthase expression in the course of lead-induced hypertension.
Risk for valvular heart disease among users of fenfluramine and dexfenfluramine who underwent echocardiography before use of medication.
Carboplatin toxic effects on the peripheral nervous system of the rat.
Iatrogenic risks of endometrial carcinoma after treatment for breast cancer in a large French case-control study. F  d  ration Nationale des Centres de Lutte Contre le Cancer (FNCLCC).
Granulosa cell tumor of the ovary associated with antecedent tamoxifen use.
A murine model of adenomyosis: the effects of hyperprolactinemia induced by fluoxetine hydrochloride, a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor, on adenomyosis induction in Wistar albino rats.
Effects of deliberate hypotension induced by labetalol with isoflurane on neuropsychological function.
Auditory disturbance associated with interscalene brachial plexus block.
Midazolam compared with thiopentone as an induction agent.
Cardiotoxic and possible leukemogenic effects of adriamycin in nonhuman primates.
Doxorubicin cardiomyopathy in children with left-sided Wilms tumor.
Promotional effects of testosterone and dietary fat on prostate carcinogenesis in genetically susceptible rats.
Mitomycin C associated hemolytic uremic syndrome.
Continuous ambulatory ECG monitoring during fluorouracil therapy: a prospective study.
Lethal anuria complicating high dose ifosfamide chemotherapy in a breast cancer patient with an impaired renal function.
Central vein thrombosis and topical dipivalyl epinephrine.
Amelioration of bendrofluazide-induced hypokalemia by timolol.
A cross-sectional evaluation of the effect of risperidone and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors on bone mineral density in boys.
Seizures associated with levofloxacin: case presentation and literature review.
Mice lacking mPGES-1 are resistant to lithium-induced polyuria.
Identification of a simple and sensitive microplate method for the detection of oversulfated chondroitin sulfate in heparin products.
Doxorubicin cardiomyopathy-induced inflammation and apoptosis are attenuated by gene deletion of the kinin B1 receptor.
Hepatotoxicity associated with sulfasalazine in inflammatory arthritis: A case series from a local surveillance of serious adverse events.
An evaluation of amikacin nephrotoxicity in the hematology/oncology population.
Memory function and serotonin transporter promoter gene polymorphism in ecstasy (MDMA) users.
Aging process of epithelial cells of the rat prostate lateral lobe in experimental hyperprolactinemia induced by haloperidol.
Does supplemental vitamin C increase cardiovascular disease risk in women with diabetes?
Absolute and attributable risk of venous thromboembolism in women on combined cyproterone acetate and ethinylestradiol.
Effect of lindane on hepatic and brain cytochrome P450s and influence of P450 modulation in lindane induced neurotoxicity.
Seizure associated with sleep deprivation and sustained-release bupropion.
Nephrotoxic effects in high-risk patients undergoing angiography.
Experimental cranial pain elicited by capsaicin: a PET study.
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome with risperidone.
Hepatic and extrahepatic angiotensinogen gene expression in rats with acute nephrotic syndrome.
Cyclophosphamide associated bladder cancer--a highly aggressive disease: analysis of 12 cases.
Leg and back pain after spinal anaesthesia involving hyperbaric 5% lignocaine.
Acute blood pressure elevations with caffeine in men with borderline systemic hypertension.
Hallucinations and ifosfamide-induced neurotoxicity.
Chlorpropamide-induced optic neuropathy.
Levodopa-induced dyskinesia and thalamotomy.
Factors associated with nephrotoxicity and clinical outcome in patients receiving amikacin.
Cardiac transplantation: improved quality of survival with a modified immunosuppressive protocol.
Reversible cholestasis with bile duct injury following azathioprine therapy. A case report.
Renal function and hemodynamics during prolonged isoflurane-induced hypotension in humans.
Debrisoquine phenotype and the pharmacokinetics and beta-2 receptor pharmacodynamics of metoprolol and its enantiomers.
Cefotetan-induced immune hemolytic anemia.
Acute renal failure subsequent to the administration of rifampicin. A follow-up study of cases reported earlier.
Type B hepatitis after needle-stick exposure: prevention with hepatitis B immune globulin. Final report of the Veterans Administration Cooperative Study.
Serotonin syndrome from venlafaxine-tranylcypromine interaction.
Effect of nondopaminergic drugs on L-dopa-induced dyskinesias in MPTP-treated monkeys.
CCNU (lomustine) toxicity in dogs: a retrospective study (2002-07).
Neuroactive steroids protect against pilocarpine- and kainic acid-induced limbic seizures and status epilepticus in mice.
The safety and efficacy of combination N-butyl-deoxynojirimycin (SC-48334) and zidovudine in patients with HIV-1 infection and 200-500 CD4 cells/mm3.
Recent preclinical and clinical studies with the thymidylate synthase inhibitor N10-propargyl-5,8-dideazafolic acid (CB 3717).
Ethopropazine and benztropine in neuroleptic-induced parkinsonism.
Effect of alpha-tocopherol and deferoxamine on methamphetamine-induced neurotoxicity.
Use of dexamethasone with mesna for the prevention of ifosfamide-induced hemorrhagic cystitis.
Behavioral effects of MK-801 on reserpine-treated mice.
Effect of glyceryl trinitrate on the sphincter of Oddi spasm evoked by prostigmine-morphine administration.
Effects of acute steroid administration on ventilatory and peripheral muscles in rats.
Refractory cardiogenic shock and complete heart block after verapamil SR and metoprolol treatment. A case report.
A phase I clinical study of the antipurine antifolate lometrexol (DDATHF) given with oral folic acid.
Involvement of the mu-opiate receptor in peripheral analgesia.
Adequate timing of ribavirin reduction in patients with hemolysis during combination therapy of interferon and ribavirin for chronic hepatitis C.
Increased expression and apical targeting of renal ENaC subunits in puromycin aminonucleoside-induced nephrotic syndrome in rats.
Does hormone therapy for the treatment of breast cancer have a detrimental effect on memory and cognition? A pilot study.
Association of nitric oxide production and apoptosis in a model of experimental nephropathy.
The attenuating effect of carteolol hydrochloride, a beta-adrenoceptor antagonist, on neuroleptic-induced catalepsy in rats.
Penicillamine-induced rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis.
Nature, time course and dose dependence of zidovudine-related side effects: results from the Multicenter Canadian Azidothymidine Trial.
Bilateral optic neuropathy due to combined ethambutol and isoniazid treatment.
Progestational agents and blood coagulation. VII. Thromboembolic and other complications of oral contraceptive therapy in relationship to pretreatment levels of blood coagulation factors: summary report of a ten-year study.
Cardiac arrest in a child with cerebral palsy undergoing sevoflurane induction of anesthesia after preoperative clonidine.
Effects of UMB24 and (+/-)-SM 21, putative sigma2-preferring antagonists, on behavioral toxic and stimulant effects of cocaine in mice.
Methimazole-induced cholestatic jaundice.
Ciprofloxacin-induced acute interstitial nephritis and autoimmune hemolytic anemia.
Contribution of sodium valproate to the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone.
Vasopressin in the treatment of milrinone-induced hypotension in severe heart failure.
Halogenated anesthetics form liver adducts and antigens that cross-react with halothane-induced antibodies.
Induction by paracetamol of bladder and liver tumours in the rat. Effects on hepatocyte fine structure.
Rat extraocular muscle regeneration. Repair of local anesthetic-induced damage.
Reversal of neuroleptic-induced catalepsy by novel aryl-piperazine anxiolytic drugs.
Diazepam facilitates reflex bradycardia in conscious rats.
Chronic carbamazepine inhibits the development of local anesthetic seizures kindled by cocaine and lidocaine.
D-penicillamine in the treatment of localized scleroderma.
Preservation of renal blood flow during hypotension induced with fenoldopam in dogs.
Antiarrhythmic effects of optical isomers of cibenzoline on canine ventricular arrhythmias.
Effect of Hibiscus rosa sinensis on reserpine-induced neurobehavioral and biochemical alterations in rats.
Comparison of aqueous and gellan ophthalmic timolol with placebo on the 24-hour heart rate response in patients on treatment for glaucoma.
5 flourouracil-induced apical ballooning syndrome: a case report.
Reduction of pain during induction with target-controlled propofol and remifentanil.
Prenatal exposure to fluoxetine induces fetal pulmonary hypertension in the rat.
Syncope and QT prolongation among patients treated with methadone for heroin dependence in the city of Copenhagen.
Peripheral neuropathy caused by high-dose cytosine arabinoside treatment in a patient with acute myeloid leukemia.
Atorvastatin prevented and reversed dexamethasone-induced hypertension in the rat.
Two prodrugs of potent and selective GluR5 kainate receptor antagonists actives in three animal models of pain.
Sirolimus and mycophenolate mofetil for calcineurin-free immunosuppression in renal transplant recipients.
Erythropoietin restores the anemia-induced reduction in cyclophosphamide cytotoxicity in rat tumors.
The role of nitrergic system in lidocaine-induced convulsion in the mouse.
Effect of intravenous metoprolol or intravenous metoprolol plus glucagon on dobutamine-induced myocardial ischemia.
Prednisolone-induced muscle dysfunction is caused more by atrophy than by altered acetylcholine receptor expression.
Rapid reversal of life-threatening diltiazem-induced tetany with calcium chloride.
Effects of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs on hemostasis in patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Value of methylprednisolone in prevention of the arthralgia-myalgia syndrome associated with the total dose infusion of iron dextran: a double blind randomized trial.
Long-term effects of vincristine on the peripheral nervous system.
A case of polymyositis in a patient with primary biliary cirrhosis treated with D-penicillamine.
Photodistributed nifedipine-induced facial telangiectasia.
Nephrotoxicity of cyclosporin A and FK506: inhibition of calcineurin phosphatase.
Massive cerebral edema associated with fulminant hepatic failure in acetaminophen overdose: possible role of cranial decompression.
Gentamicin nephropathy in a neonate.
Anti-carcinogenic action of phenobarbital given simultaneously with diethylnitrosamine in the rat.
Post-operative rigidity after fentanyl administration.
Postpartum psychosis induced by bromocriptine.
A prospective study on the dose dependency of cardiotoxicity induced by mitomycin C.
Phlorizin-induced glycosuria does not prevent gentamicin nephrotoxicity in rats.
Tiapride in levodopa-induced involuntary movements.
Effects of the hippocampal deep brain stimulation on cortical epileptic discharges in penicillin - induced epilepsy model in rats.
Neural correlates of S-ketamine induced psychosis during overt continuous verbal fluency.
Dopamine is not essential for the development of methamphetamine-induced neurotoxicity.
Brainstem dysgenesis in an infant prenatally exposed to cocaine.
The protective role of Nrf2 in streptozotocin-induced diabetic nephropathy.
High-dose tranexamic Acid is associated with nonischemic clinical seizures in cardiac surgical patients.
Recurrent dysosmia induced by pyrazinamide.
Longitudinal assessment of air conduction audiograms in a phase III clinical trial of difluoromethylornithine and sulindac for prevention of sporadic colorectal adenomas.
Increased mental slowing associated with the APOE epsilon4 allele after trihexyphenidyl oral anticholinergic challenge in healthy elderly.
Behavioral effects of pubertal anabolic androgenic steroid exposure in male rats with low serotonin.
Intracavitary chemotherapy (paclitaxel/carboplatin liquid crystalline cubic phases) for recurrent glioblastoma -- clinical observations.
Methylphenidate-induced obsessive-compulsive symptoms in an elderly man.
Cardiac arrest after intravenous metoclopramide - a case of five repeated injections of metoclopramide causing five episodes of cardiac arrest.
Severe immune hemolytic anemia associated with prophylactic use of cefotetan in obstetric and gynecologic procedures.
Cauda equina syndrome after spinal anaesthesia with hyperbaric 5% lignocaine: a review of six cases of cauda equina syndrome reported to the Swedish Pharmaceutical Insurance 1993-1997.
Cortical motor overactivation in parkinsonian patients with L-dopa-induced peak-dose dyskinesia.
Dexamethasone-induced ocular hypertension in perfusion-cultured human eyes.
Cognitive deterioration from long-term abuse of dextromethorphan: a case report.
Long-term lithium treatment and the kidney. Interim report on fifty patients.
Complete heart block following a single dose of trazodone.
Quinidine phenylethylbarbiturate-induced fulminant hepatitis in a pregnant woman. A case report.
The epidemiology of the acute flank pain syndrome from suprofen.
Hemolytic-uremic syndrome associated with ingestion of quinine.
Pyeloureteral filling defects associated with systemic anticoagulation: a case report.
Changes in peroxisomes in preneoplastic liver and hepatoma of mice induced by alpha-benzene hexachloride.
Quinidine hepatitis.
Cholesteryl hemisuccinate treatment protects rodents from the toxic effects of acetaminophen, adriamycin, carbon tetrachloride, chloroform and galactosamine.
DSMM XI study: dose definition for intravenous cyclophosphamide in combination with bortezomib/dexamethasone for remission induction in patients with newly diagnosed myeloma.
Results of a comparative, phase III, 12-week, multicenter, prospective, randomized, double-blind assessment of the efficacy and tolerability of a fixed-dose combination of telmisartan and amlodipine versus amlodipine monotherapy in Indian adults with stage II hypertension.
Cutaneous leucocytoclastic vasculitis associated with oxacillin.
Naloxazone pretreatment modifies cardiorespiratory, temperature, and behavioral effects of morphine.
Dexrazoxane protects against myelosuppression from the DNA cleavage-enhancing drugs etoposide and daunorubicin but not doxorubicin.
Effects of the novel compound aniracetam (Ro 13-5057) upon impaired learning and memory in rodents.
Nicotine potentiation of morphine-induced catalepsy in mice.
Reduced cardiotoxicity and preserved antitumor efficacy of liposome-encapsulated doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide compared with conventional doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide in a randomized, multicenter trial of metastatic breast cancer.
Protective effect of a specific platelet-activating factor antagonist, BN 52021, on bupivacaine-induced cardiovascular impairments in rats.
Benzylacyclouridine reverses azidothymidine-induced marrow suppression without impairment of anti-human immunodeficiency virus activity.
Cyclophosphamide-induced cystitis in freely-moving conscious rats: behavioral approach to a new model of visceral pain.
Hyperalgesia and myoclonus in terminal cancer patients treated with continuous intravenous morphine.
A prospective study of adverse reactions associated with vancomycin therapy.
Blockade of both D-1 and D-2 dopamine receptors may induce catalepsy in mice.
Dextran-etodolac conjugates: synthesis, in vitro and in vivo evaluation.
Hypersensitivity myocarditis complicating hypertrophic cardiomyopathy heart.
All- trans-retinoic acid-induced erythema nodosum in patients with acute promyelocytic leukemia.
Delayed-onset heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
Valsartan, a new angiotensin II antagonist for the treatment of essential hypertension: a comparative study of the efficacy and safety against amlodipine.
KF17837: a novel selective adenosine A2A receptor antagonist with anticataleptic activity.
Some central effects of repeated treatment with fluvoxamine.
Severe congestive heart failure patient on amiodarone presenting with myxedemic coma: a case report.
Fear-potentiated startle, but not light-enhanced startle, is enhanced by anxiogenic drugs.
Proteinase 3-antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody-(PR3-ANCA) positive necrotizing glomerulonephritis after restarting sulphasalazine treatment.
Is phenytoin administration safe in a hypothermic child?
Amisulpride related tic-like symptoms in an adolescent schizophrenic.
Comparison of developmental toxicology of aspirin (acetylsalicylic acid) in rats using selected dosing paradigms.
Torsade de pointes induced by metoclopramide in an elderly woman with preexisting complete left bundle branch block.
Apomorphine: an underutilized therapy for Parkinson's disease.
Fatal excited delirium following cocaine use: epidemiologic findings provide new evidence for mechanisms of cocaine toxicity.
Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia, thrombosis, and hemorrhage.
Cardiac toxicity of 5-fluorouracil. Report of a case of spontaneous angina.
Toxicity due to remission inducing drugs in rheumatoid arthritis. Association with HLA-B35 and Cw4 antigens.
Transient hemiparesis: a rare manifestation of diphenylhydantoin toxicity. Report of two cases.
Nerve growth factor and prostaglandins in the urine of female patients with overactive bladder.
Acute low back pain during intravenous administration of amiodarone: a report of two cases.
Postoperative myalgia after succinylcholine: no evidence for an inflammatory origin.
Levodopa-induced oromandibular dystonia in progressive supranuclear palsy.
Protective effect of edaravone against streptomycin-induced vestibulotoxicity in the guinea pig.
Ketamine in war/tropical surgery (a final tribute to the racemic mixture).
Steroid structure and pharmacological properties determine the anti-amnesic effects of pregnenolone sulphate in the passive avoidance task in rats.
Preliminary efficacy assessment of intrathecal injection of an American formulation of adenosine in humans.
Effect of lithium maintenance therapy on thyroid and parathyroid function.
Systemic toxicity following administration of sirolimus (formerly rapamycin) for psoriasis: association of capillary leak syndrome with apoptosis of lesional lymphocytes.
Contribution of the glycine site of NMDA receptors in rostral and intermediate-caudal parts of the striatum to the regulation of muscle tone in rats.
Efficacy and tolerability of lovastatin in 3390 women with moderate hypercholesterolemia.
REM sleep deprivation changes behavioral response to catecholaminergic and serotonergic receptor activation in rats.
Extrapyramidal side effects and oral haloperidol: an analysis of explanatory patient and treatment characteristics.
Hepatic veno-occlusive disease caused by 6-thioguanine.
Treatment of ifosfamide-induced urothelial toxicity by oral administration of sodium 2-mercaptoethane sulphonate (MESNA) to patients with inoperable lung cancer.
Time course alterations of QTC interval due to hypaque 76.
Production of autochthonous prostate cancer in Lobund-Wistar rats by treatments with N-nitroso-N-methylurea and testosterone.
A dystonia-like syndrome after neuropeptide (MSH/ACTH) stimulation of the rat locus ceruleus.
Dexmedetomidine, acting through central alpha-2 adrenoceptors, prevents opiate-induced muscle rigidity in the rat.
Seizure activity with imipenem therapy: incidence and risk factors.
The ability of insulin treatment to reverse or prevent the changes in urinary bladder function caused by streptozotocin-induced diabetes mellitus.
Delayed institution of hypertension during focal cerebral ischemia: effect on brain edema.
Amiodarone pulmonary toxicity.
Light chain proteinuria and cellular mediated immunity in rifampin treated patients with tuberculosis.
Initial potassium loss and hypokalaemia during chlorthalidone administration in patients with essential hypertension: the influence of dietary sodium restriction.
Dynamic response of blood vessel in acute renal failure.
The hemodynamics of oxytocin and other vasoactive agents during neuraxial anesthesia for cesarean delivery: findings in six cases.
Exaggerated expression of inflammatory mediators in vasoactive intestinal polypeptide knockout (VIP-/-) mice with cyclophosphamide (CYP)-induced cystitis.
Intraocular pressure in patients with uveitis treated with fluocinolone acetonide implants.
Pallidal stimulation: an alternative to pallidotomy?
Case report: Dexatrim (Phenylpropanolamine) as a cause of myocardial infarction.
Risperidone-associated, benign transient visual disturbances in schizophrenic patients with a past history of LSD abuse.
Activation of poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase contributes to development of doxorubicin-induced heart failure.
Fluconazole-induced torsade de pointes.
High-dose methylprednisolone may do more harm for spinal cord injury.
Probing peripheral and central cholinergic system responses.
Acetazolamide-induced Gerstmann syndrome.
Hypomania-like syndrome induced by olanzapine.
Neutrophil superoxide and hydrogen peroxide production in patients with acute liver failure.
Absence of effect of sertraline on time-based sensitization of cognitive impairment with haloperidol.
Ciprofloxacin-induced nephrotoxicity in patients with cancer.
Case report: pentamidine and polymorphic ventricular tachycardia revisited.
Time dependence of plasma malondialdehyde, oxypurines, and nucleosides during incomplete cerebral ischemia in the rat.
Cholinergic toxicity resulting from ocular instillation of echothiophate iodide eye drops.
Acute renal failure in high dose carboplatin chemotherapy.
Endometrial carcinoma after Hodgkin disease in childhood.
Induction of the obstructive sleep apnea syndrome in a woman by exogenous androgen administration.
Effect of captopril on pre-existing and aminonucleoside-induced proteinuria in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Epileptogenic properties of enflurane and their clinical interpretation.
Reversible cerebral lesions associated with tiazofurin usage: MR demonstration.
Antagonism of diazepam-induced sedative effects by Ro15-1788 in patients after surgery under lumbar epidural block. A double-blind placebo-controlled investigation of efficacy and safety.
Enhanced stimulus-induced neurotransmitter overflow in epinephrine-induced hypertensive rats is not mediated by prejunctional beta-adrenoceptor activation.
Ocular manifestations of juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
Water intoxication associated with oxytocin administration during saline-induced abortion.
Famotidine-associated delirium. A series of six cases.
Indomethacin induced hypotension in sodium and volume depleted rats.
Late-onset scleroderma renal crisis induced by tacrolimus and prednisolone: a case report.
The risk and associated factors of methamphetamine psychosis in methamphetamine-dependent patients in Malaysia.
Cerebellar sensory processing alterations impact motor cortical plasticity in Parkinson's disease: clues from dyskinetic patients.
The function of P2X3 receptor and NK1 receptor antagonists on cyclophosphamide-induced cystitis in rats.
Acute hepatitis associated with clopidogrel: a case report and review of the literature.
Bortezomib and dexamethasone as salvage therapy in patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma: analysis of long-term clinical outcomes.
Pubertal exposure to Bisphenol A increases anxiety-like behavior and decreases acetylcholinesterase activity of hippocampus in adult male mice.
Biochemical effects of Solidago virgaurea extract on experimental cardiotoxicity.
"Real-world" data on the efficacy and safety of lenalidomide and dexamethasone in patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma who were treated according to the standard clinical practice: a study of the Greek Myeloma Study Group.
The cytogenetic action of ifosfamide, mesna, and their combination on peripheral rabbit lymphocytes: an in vivo/in vitro cytogenetic study.
Risk factors and predictors of levodopa-induced dyskinesia among multiethnic Malaysians with Parkinson's disease.
An unexpected diagnosis in a renal-transplant patient with proteinuria treated with everolimus: AL amyloidosis.
An investigation of the pattern of kidney injury in HIV-positive persons exposed to tenofovir disoproxil fumarate: an examination of a large population database (MHRA database).
Incidence of postoperative delirium is high even in a population without known risk factors.
A single neurotoxic dose of methamphetamine induces a long-lasting depressive-like behaviour in mice.
Linezolid-induced optic neuropathy.
Resuscitation with lipid, epinephrine, or both in levobupivacaine-induced cardiac toxicity in newborn piglets.
Incidence of heparin-induced thrombocytopenia type II and postoperative recovery of platelet count in liver graft recipients: a retrospective cohort analysis.
Takotsubo syndrome (or apical ballooning syndrome) secondary to Zolmitriptan.
Depression, impulsiveness, sleep, and memory in past and present polydrug users of 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA, ecstasy).
Association of common genetic variants of HOMER1 gene with levodopa adverse effects in Parkinson's disease patients.
Crocin improves lipid dysregulation in subacute diazinon exposure through ERK1/2 pathway in rat liver.
GEM-P chemotherapy is active in the treatment of relapsed Hodgkin lymphoma.
Basal functioning of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis and psychological distress in recreational ecstasy polydrug users.
Ifosfamide related encephalopathy: the need for a timely EEG evaluation.
Incidence of contrast-induced nephropathy in hospitalised patients with cancer.
Syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion associated with desvenlafaxine.
Oxidative stress on cardiotoxicity after treatment with single and multiple doses of doxorubicin.
Tacrolimus-related seizure after pediatric liver transplantation--a single-center experience.
The flavonoid apigenin delays forgetting of passive avoidance conditioning in rats.
Cholecystokinin-octapeptide restored morphine-induced hippocampal long-term potentiation impairment in rats.
Glial activation and post-synaptic neurotoxicity: the key events in Streptozotocin (ICV) induced memory impairment in rats.
Comparison of effects of isotonic sodium chloride with diltiazem in prevention of contrast-induced nephropathy.
Neurocognitive and neuroradiologic central nervous system late effects in children treated on Pediatric Oncology Group (POG) P9605 (standard risk) and P9201 (lesser risk) acute lymphoblastic leukemia protocols (ACCL0131): a methotrexate consequence? A report from the Children's Oncology Group.
Tranexamic acid overdosage-induced generalized seizure in renal failure.
Pre-treatment of bupivacaine-induced cardiovascular depression using different lipid formulations of propofol.
Drug-Induced Acute Liver Injury Within 12 Hours After Fluvastatin Therapy.
Fluconazole associated agranulocytosis and thrombocytopenia.
Two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography combined with high-sensitive cardiac troponin T in early detection and prediction of cardiotoxicity during epirubicine-based chemotherapy.
Prevention of etomidate-induced myoclonus: which is superior: Fentanyl, midazolam, or a combination? A Retrospective comparative study.
Cholestatic presentation of yellow phosphorus poisoning.
Vasovagal syncope and severe bradycardia following intranasal dexmedetomidine for pediatric procedural sedation.
Paradoxical severe agitation induced by add-on high-doses quetiapine in schizo-affective disorder.
Antioxidant effects of bovine lactoferrin on dexamethasone-induced hypertension in rat.
The association between tranexamic acid and convulsive seizures after cardiac surgery: a multivariate analysis in 11 529 patients.
Dysfunctional overnight memory consolidation in ecstasy users.
Normoammonemic encephalopathy: solely valproate induced or multiple mechanisms?
Cerebellar and oculomotor dysfunction induced by rapid infusion of pethidine.
Baboon syndrome induced by ketoconazole.
A Case of Sudden Cardiac Death due to Pilsicainide-Induced Torsades de Pointes.
All-trans retinoic acid-induced inflammatory myositis in a patient with acute promyelocytic leukemia.
Tolerability of lomustine in combination with cyclophosphamide in dogs with lymphoma.
Nelarabine neurotoxicity with concurrent intrathecal chemotherapy: Case report and review of literature.
Valproate-induced hyperammonemic encephalopathy in a renal transplanted patient.
Necrotising fasciitis after bortezomib and dexamethasone-containing regimen in an elderly patient of Waldenstrom macroglobulinaemia.
An integrated characterization of serological, pathological, and functional events in doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity.
Intradermal glutamate and capsaicin injections: intra- and interindividual variability of provoked hyperalgesia and allodynia.
Ocular-specific ER stress reduction rescues glaucoma in murine glucocorticoid-induced glaucoma.
Effects of ginsenosides on opioid-induced hyperalgesia in mice.
A comparison of severe hemodynamic disturbances between dexmedetomidine and propofol for sedation in neurocritical care patients.
Hydroxytyrosol ameliorates oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction in doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity in rats with breast cancer.
Amiodarone-induced myxoedema coma.
Use of argatroban and catheter-directed thrombolysis with alteplase in an oncology patient with heparin-induced thrombocytopenia with thrombosis.
Effects of dehydroepiandrosterone in amphetamine-induced schizophrenia models in mice.
Availability of human induced pluripotent stem cell-derived cardiomyocytes in assessment of drug potential for QT prolongation.
Dermal developmental toxicity of N-phenylimide herbicides in rats.
Rates of Renal Toxicity in Cancer Patients Receiving Cisplatin With and Without Mannitol.
Metformin protects against seizures, learning and memory impairments and oxidative damage induced by pentylenetetrazole-induced kindling in mice.
P53 inhibition exacerbates late-stage anthracycline cardiotoxicity.
Metronidazole-induced encephalopathy: an uncommon scenario.
Aconitine-induced Ca2+ overload causes arrhythmia and triggers apoptosis through p38 MAPK signaling pathway in rats.
Chronic treatment with metformin suppresses toll-like receptor 4 signaling and attenuates left ventricular dysfunction following myocardial infarction.
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome induced by combination therapy with tetrabenazine and tiapride in a Japanese patient with Huntington's disease at the terminal stage of recurrent breast cancer.
A metoprolol-terbinafine combination induced bradycardia.
Optochiasmatic and peripheral neuropathy due to ethambutol overtreatment.
Testosterone ameliorates streptozotocin-induced memory impairment in male rats.
Behavioral and neurochemical studies in mice pretreated with garcinielliptone FC in pilocarpine-induced seizures.
Standard operating procedures for antibiotic therapy and the occurrence of acute kidney injury: a prospective, clinical, non-interventional, observational study.
Rhabdomyolysis in a hepatitis C virus infected patient treated with telaprevir and simvastatin.
Combination of bortezomib, thalidomide, and dexamethasone (VTD) as a consolidation therapy after autologous stem cell transplantation for symptomatic multiple myeloma in Japanese patients.
Conversion to sirolimus ameliorates cyclosporine-induced nephropathy in the rat: focus on serum, urine, gene, and protein renal expression biomarkers.
Kinin B2 receptor deletion and blockage ameliorates cisplatin-induced acute renal injury.
Safety and efficacy of fluocinolone acetonide intravitreal implant (0.59 mg) in birdshot retinochoroidopathy.
Optimal precurarizing dose of rocuronium to decrease fasciculation and myalgia following succinylcholine administration.
Absence of PKC-alpha attenuates lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Is Dysguesia Going to be a Rare or a Common Side-effect of Amlodipine?
Rhabdomyolysis in association with simvastatin and dosage increment in clarithromycin.
Characterization of a novel BCHE "silent" allele: point mutation (p.Val204Asp) causes loss of activity and prolonged apnea with suxamethonium.
Delayed anemia after treatment with injectable artesunate in the Democratic Republic of the Congo: a manageable issue.
Regulation of signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 and apoptotic pathways by betaine attenuates isoproterenol-induced acute myocardial injury in rats.
Quetiapine-induced neutropenia in a bipolar patient with hepatocellular carcinoma.
Lateral antebrachial cutaneous neuropathy after steroid injection at lateral epicondyle.
Curcumin prevents maleate-induced nephrotoxicity: relation to hemodynamic alterations, oxidative stress, mitochondrial oxygen consumption and activity of respiratory complex I.
Incidence of solid tumours among pesticide applicators exposed to the organophosphate insecticide diazinon in the Agricultural Health Study: an updated analysis.
Associations of Ozone and PM2.5 Concentrations With Parkinson's Disease Among Participants in the Agricultural Health Study.
Low functional programming of renal AT2R mediates the developmental origin of glomerulosclerosis in adult offspring induced by prenatal caffeine exposure.
1,3-Butadiene, CML and the t(9:22) translocation: A reality check.
Cancer incidence and metolachlor use in the Agricultural Health Study: An update.
Mechanisms Underlying Latent Disease Risk Associated with Early-Life Arsenic Exposure: Current Research Trends and Scientific Gaps.
On the antiarrhythmic activity of one N-substituted piperazine derivative of trans-2-amino-3-hydroxy-1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydroanaphthalene.
Experimental progressive muscular dystrophy and its treatment with high doses anabolizing agents.
Fetal risks due to warfarin therapy during pregnancy.
Isradipine treatment for hypertension in general practice in Hong Kong.
Tachyphylaxis to systemic but not to airway responses during prolonged therapy with high dose inhaled salbutamol in asthmatics.
Increased anxiogenic effects of caffeine in panic disorders.
Human and canine ventricular vasoactive intestinal polypeptide: decrease with heart failure.
Interstrain variation in acute toxic response to caffeine among inbred mice.
Invasive carcinoma of the renal pelvis following cyclophosphamide therapy for nonmalignant disease.
Ascending dose tolerance study of intramuscular carbetocin administered after normal vaginal birth.
A pilot study to assess the safety of dobutamine stress echocardiography in the emergency department evaluation of cocaine-associated chest pain.
Amiodarone-induced torsade de pointes during bladder irrigation: an unusual presentation--a case report.
Acute renal insufficiency after high-dose melphalan in patients with primary systemic amyloidosis during stem cell transplantation.
Impaired fear recognition in regular recreational cocaine users.
Corneal ulcers associated with aerosolized crack cocaine use.
Levetiracetam as an adjunct to phenobarbital treatment in cats with suspected idiopathic epilepsy.
Bilateral haemorrhagic infarction of the globus pallidus after cocaine and alcohol intoxication.
Acute renal failure after high-dose methotrexate therapy in a patient with ileostomy.
Antithrombotic drug use, cerebral microbleeds, and intracerebral hemorrhage: a systematic review of published and unpublished studies.
Verapamil stimulation test in hyperprolactinemia: loss of prolactin response in anatomic or functional stalk effect.
Central action of narcotic analgesics. Part IV. Noradrenergic influences on the activity of analgesics in rats.
Modification by propranolol of cardiovascular effects of induced hypoglycaemia.
Prevention and treatment of endometrial disease in climacteric women receiving oestrogen therapy.
Pure red cell aplasia, toxic dermatitis and lymphadenopathy in a patient taking diphenylhydantoin.
Continuous infusion tobramycin combined with carbenicillin for infections in cancer patients.
Recurrent subarachnoid hemorrhage associated with aminocaproic acid therapy and acute renal artery thrombosis. Case report.
Long-term propranolol therapy in pregnancy: maternal and fetal outcome.
Use of propranolol in the treatment of idiopathic orthostatic hypotension.
Total intravenous anesthesia with etomidate. III. Some observations in adults.
A method for the measurement of tremor, and a comparison of the effects of tocolytic beta-mimetics.
Bilateral retinal artery and choriocapillaris occlusion following the injection of long-acting corticosteroid suspensions in combination with other drugs: I. Clinical studies.
Cephalothin-induced immune hemolytic anemia.
Kaliuretic effect of L-dopa treatment in parkinsonian patients.
Phenytoin encephalopathy as probable idiosyncratic reaction: case report.
Effects of exercise on the severity of isoproterenol-induced myocardial infarction.
Effect of D-Glucarates on basic antibiotic-induced renal damage in rats.
Paraplegia following intrathecal methotrexate: report of a case and review of the literature.
Centrally mediated cardiovascular effects of intracisternal application of carbachol in anesthetized rats.
Hyperglycemic effect of amino compounds structurally related to caproate in rats.
Fatty liver induced by tetracycline in the rat. Dose-response relationships and effect of sex.
Fatal myeloencephalopathy due to intrathecal vincristine administration.
Progesterone potentiation of bupivacaine arrhythmogenicity in pentobarbital-anesthetized rats and beating rat heart cell cultures.
Acute renal failure occurring during intravenous desferrioxamine therapy: recovery after haemodialysis.
Neuroleptic-associated hyperprolactinemia. Can it be treated with bromocriptine?
Ethacrynic acid-induced convulsions and brain neurotransmitters in mice.
Pharmacology of gamma-aminobutyric acidA receptor complex after the in vivo administration of the anxioselective and anticonvulsant beta-carboline derivative abecarnil.
Recurrent myocardial infarction in a postpartum patient receiving bromocriptine.
Asterixis induced by carbamazepine therapy.
Pharmacodynamics of the hypotensive effect of levodopa in parkinsonian patients.
Syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone after infusional vincristine.
Heart failure: to digitalise or not? The view against.
Intravascular hemolysis and acute renal failure following intermittent rifampin therapy.
Zidovudine-induced hepatitis.
Thoracic hematomyelia secondary to coumadin anticoagulant therapy: a case report.
Mania associated with fluoxetine treatment in adolescents.
Gemfibrozil-lovastatin therapy for primary hyperlipoproteinemias.
Hepatocellular carcinoma in Fanconi's anemia treated with androgen and corticosteroid.
Chronic lesion of rostral ventrolateral medulla in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Damage of substantia nigra pars reticulata during pilocarpine-induced status epilepticus in the rat: immunohistochemical study of neurons, astrocytes and serum-protein extravasation.
Reduced cardiotoxicity of doxorubicin given in the form of N-(2-hydroxypropyl)methacrylamide conjugates: and experimental study in the rat.
Topical 0.025% capsaicin in chronic post-herpetic neuralgia: efficacy, predictors of response and long-term course.
Serotonin reuptake inhibitors, paranoia, and the ventral basal ganglia.
Five cases of encephalitis during treatment of loiasis with diethylcarbamazine.
Delirium in an elderly woman possibly associated with administration of misoprostol.
Hepatocellular oxidant stress following intestinal ischemia-reperfusion injury.
Diphenhydramine prevents the haemodynamic changes of cimetidine in ICU patients.
Acute renal failure due to rifampicin.
Severe polyneuropathy and motor loss after intrathecal thiotepa combination chemotherapy: description of two cases.
Effects of cromakalim and pinacidil on large epicardial and small coronary arteries in conscious dogs.
Mefenamic acid-induced neutropenia and renal failure in elderly females with hypothyroidism.
Etiology of hypercalcemia in hemodialysis patients on calcium carbonate therapy.
Methyldopa-induced hemolytic anemia in a 15 year old presenting as near-syncope.
The long-term safety of danazol in women with hereditary angioedema.
Patient tolerance study of topical chlorhexidine diphosphanilate: a new topical agent for burns.
Dose-dependent neurotoxicity of high-dose busulfan in children: a clinical and pharmacological study.
Histamine antagonists and d-tubocurarine-induced hypotension in cardiac surgical patients.
Convulsant effect of lindane and regional brain concentration of GABA and dopamine.
Unusual complications of antithyroid drug therapy: four case reports and review of literature.
Anticonvulsant actions of MK-801 on the lithium-pilocarpine model of status epilepticus in rats.
Nifedipine induced bradycardia in a patient with autonomic neuropathy.
The effect of haloperidol in cocaine and amphetamine intoxication.
Autoradiographic evidence of estrogen binding sites in nuclei of diethylstilbesterol induced hamster renal carcinomas.
Bradycardia due to biperiden.
Deliberate hypotension induced by labetalol with halothane, enflurane or isoflurane for middle-ear surgery.
Convulsion following intravenous fluorescein angiography.
Pharmacology of ACC-9653 (phenytoin prodrug).
Phenytoin induced fatal hepatic injury.
Treatment of lethal pertussis vaccine reaction with histamine H1 antagonists.
Support for adrenaline-hypertension hypothesis: 18 hour pressor effect after 6 hours adrenaline infusion.
Effect of alkylxanthines on gentamicin-induced acute renal failure in the rat.
Adverse ocular reactions possibly associated with isotretinoin.
Procaterol and terbutaline in bronchial asthma. A double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study.
Subacute effects of propranolol and B 24/76 on isoproterenol-induced rat heart hypertrophy in correlation with blood pressure.
Comparison of the effect of oxitropium bromide and of slow-release theophylline on nocturnal asthma.
Penicillin anaphylaxis.
Reversible valproic acid-induced dementia: a case report.
Reversal of scopolamine-induced amnesia of passive avoidance by pre- and post-training naloxone.
Electron microscopic investigations of the cyclophosphamide-induced lesions of the urinary bladder of the rat and their prevention by mesna.
Increase in intragastric pressure during suxamethonium-induced muscle fasciculations in children: inhibition by alfentanil.
Acute insulin treatment normalizes the resistance to the cardiotoxic effect of isoproterenol in streptozotocin diabetic rats. A morphometric study of isoproterenol induced myocardial fibrosis.
Differential effects of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs on seizures produced by pilocarpine in rats.
Acute neurologic dysfunction after high-dose etoposide therapy for malignant glioma.
Progressive bile duct injury after thiabendazole administration.
Differential effects of 1,4-dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers: therapeutic implications.
The enhancement of aminonucleoside nephrosis by the co-administration of protamine.
Theophylline neurotoxicity in pregnant rats.
Hyperkalemia induced by indomethacin and naproxen and reversed by fludrocortisone.
Hypotension as a manifestation of cardiotoxicity in three patients receiving cisplatin and 5-fluorouracil.
Fatal aplastic anemia in a patient treated with carbamazepine.
Participation of a bulbospinal serotonergic pathway in the rat brain in clonidine-induced hypotension and bradycardia.
Hypertension in neuroblastoma induced by imipramine.
Rechallenge of patients who developed oral candidiasis or hoarseness with beclomethasone dipropionate.
Cyclophosphamide cardiotoxicity: an analysis of dosing as a risk factor.
Studies of risk factors for aminoglycoside nephrotoxicity.
Flurothyl seizure thresholds in mice treated neonatally with a single injection of monosodium glutamate (MSG): evaluation of experimental parameters in flurothyl seizure testing.
Susceptibility to seizures produced by pilocarpine in rats after microinjection of isoniazid or gamma-vinyl-GABA into the substantia nigra.
Non-invasive detection of coronary artery disease by body surface electrocardiographic mapping after dipyridamole infusion.
Bradycardia after high-dose intravenous methylprednisolone therapy.
Two cases of downbeat nystagmus and oscillopsia associated with carbamazepine.
Improvement by denopamine (TA-064) of pentobarbital-induced cardiac failure in the dog heart-lung preparation.
Clonazepam monotherapy for epilepsy in childhood.
Postmarketing study of timolol-hydrochlorothiazide antihypertensive therapy.
Salicylate nephropathy in the Gunn rat: potential role of prostaglandins.
Prophylactic lidocaine in the early phase of suspected myocardial infarction.
Evidence for a cholinergic role in haloperidol-induced catalepsy.
Cardiovascular dysfunction and hypersensitivity to sodium pentobarbital induced by chronic barium chloride ingestion.
Propranolol antagonism of phenylpropanolamine-induced hypertension.
Mesangial function and glomerular sclerosis in rats with aminonucleoside nephrosis.
Relationship between nicotine-induced seizures and hippocampal nicotinic receptors.
The role of p-aminophenol in acetaminophen-induced nephrotoxicity: effect of bis(p-nitrophenyl) phosphate on acetaminophen and p-aminophenol nephrotoxicity and metabolism in Fischer 344 rats.
Morphine-induced seizures in newborn infants.
Effect of vincristine sulfate on Pseudomonas infections in monkeys.
Central excitatory actions of flurazepam.
Evidence for cardiac beta 2-adrenoceptors in man.
Hormones and risk of breast cancer.
Early infections in kidney, heart, and liver transplant recipients on cyclosporine.
Structure-activity and dose-effect relationships of the antagonism of picrotoxin-induced seizures by cholecystokinin, fragments and analogues of cholecystokinin in mice.
Vasopressin as a possible contributor to hypertension.
Toxic hepatitis induced by disulfiram in a non-alcoholic.
Atrial thrombosis involving the heart of F-344 rats ingesting quinacrine hydrochloride.
Alternating sinus rhythm and intermittent sinoatrial block induced by propranolol.
Antitumor effect, cardiotoxicity, and nephrotoxicity of doxorubicin in the IgM solid immunocytoma-bearing LOU/M/WSL rat.
Intraoperative bradycardia and hypotension associated with timolol and pilocarpine eye drops.
Succinylcholine apnoea: attempted reversal with anticholinesterases.
Effect of doxorubicin on [omega-I-131]heptadecanoic acid myocardial scintigraphy and echocardiography in dogs.
Hemodynamics and myocardial metabolism under deliberate hypotension. An experimental study in dogs.
Evidence for a selective brain noradrenergic involvement in the locomotor stimulant effects of amphetamine in the rat.
Accelerated junctional rhythms during oral verapamil therapy.
Treatment of ovarian cancer with a combination of cis-platinum, adriamycin, cyclophosphamide and hexamethylmelamine.
Nontraumatic dissecting aneurysm of the basilar artery.
Propylthiouracil-induced hepatic damage.
Studies on the bradycardia induced by bepridil.
Hepatitis and renal tubular acidosis after anesthesia with methoxyflurane.
Pituitary response to luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone during haloperidol-induced hyperprolactinemia.
Antirifampicin antibodies in acute rifampicin-associated renal failure.
Cardiovascular effects of hypotension induced by adenosine triphosphate and sodium nitroprusside on dogs with denervated hearts.
Comparative study: Endografine (diatrizoate), Vasurix polyvidone (acetrizoate), Dimer-X (iocarmate) and Hexabrix (ioxaglate) in hysterosalpingography.
Post-suxamethonium pains in Nigerian surgical patients.
Medial changes in arterial spasm induced by L-norepinephrine.
Abnormalities of the pupil and visual-evoked potential in quinine amblyopia.
Suxamethonium-induced jaw stiffness and myalgia associated with atypical cholinesterase: case report.
Indomethacin-induced hyperkalemia in three patients with gouty arthritis.
Etomidate: a foreshortened clinical trial.
Levodopa-induced dyskinesias are improved by fluoxetine.
A large population-based follow-up study of trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, trimethoprim, and cephalexin for uncommon serious drug toxicity.
Clinical safety of lidocaine in patients with cocaine-associated myocardial infarction.
Paclitaxel 3-hour infusion given alone and combined with carboplatin: preliminary results of dose-escalation trials.
The dose-dependent effect of misoprostol on indomethacin-induced renal dysfunction in well compensated cirrhosis.
Increased frequency and severity of angio-oedema related to long-term therapy with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor in two patients.
Myoclonus associated with lorazepam therapy in very-low-birth-weight infants.
Transvenous right ventricular pacing during cardiopulmonary resuscitation of pediatric patients with acute cardiomyopathy.
Efficacy and safety of granisetron, a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine-3 receptor antagonist, in the prevention of nausea and vomiting induced by high-dose cisplatin.
Adverse interaction between clonidine and verapamil.
Pharmacological studies on a new dihydrothienopyridine calcium antagonist, S-312-d. 5th communication: anticonvulsant effects in mice.
Transmural myocardial infarction with sumatriptan.
Flumazenil induces seizures and death in mixed cocaine-diazepam intoxications.
Mechanisms for protective effects of free radical scavengers on gentamicin-mediated nephropathy in rats.
Assessment of cardiomyocyte DNA synthesis during hypertrophy in adult mice.
Central cardiovascular effects of AVP and ANP in normotensive and spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Cutaneous exposure to warfarin-like anticoagulant causing an intracerebral hemorrhage: a case report.
Pediatric heart transplantation without chronic maintenance steroids.
Delirium during fluoxetine treatment. A case report.
Pulmonary edema and shock after high-dose aracytine-C for lymphoma; possible role of TNF-alpha and PAF.
Protective effect of clentiazem against epinephrine-induced cardiac injury in rats.
Cocaine induced myocardial ischemia.
Doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity monitored by ECG in freely moving mice. A new model to test potential protectors.
Epinephrine dysrhythmogenicity is not enhanced by subtoxic bupivacaine in dogs.
Milk-alkali syndrome induced by 1,25(OH)2D in a patient with hypoparathyroidism.
Encephalopathy during amitriptyline therapy: are neuroleptic malignant syndrome and serotonin syndrome spectrum disorders?
Genetic separation of tumor growth and hemorrhagic phenotypes in an estrogen-induced tumor.
Increased expression of neuronal nitric oxide synthase in bladder afferent pathways following chronic bladder irritation.
Effects of a new calcium antagonist, CD-832, on isoproterenol-induced myocardial ischemia in dogs with partial coronary stenosis.
The effect of recombinant human insulin-like growth factor-I on chronic puromycin aminonucleoside nephropathy in rats.
Nefiracetam (DM-9384) reverses apomorphine-induced amnesia of a passive avoidance response: delayed emergence of the memory retention effects.
Human corticotropin-releasing hormone and thyrotropin-releasing hormone modulate the hypercapnic ventilatory response in humans.
Lamivudine is effective in suppressing hepatitis B virus DNA in Chinese hepatitis B surface antigen carriers: a placebo-controlled trial.
Population-based study of risk of venous thromboembolism associated with various oral contraceptives.
MK-801 augments pilocarpine-induced electrographic seizure but protects against brain damage in rats.
Paclitaxel, 5-fluorouracil, and folinic acid in metastatic breast cancer: BRE-26, a phase II trial.
Efficacy and proarrhythmia with the use of d,l-sotalol for sustained ventricular tachyarrhythmias.
Chronic hyperprolactinemia and changes in dopamine neurons.
Treatment-related disseminated necrotizing leukoencephalopathy with characteristic contrast enhancement of the white matter.
Thrombotic complications in acute promyelocytic leukemia during all-trans-retinoic acid therapy.
Pupillary changes associated with the development of stimulant-induced mania: a case report.
The negative mucosal potential: separating central and peripheral effects of NSAIDs in man.
Acute severe depression following peri-operative ondansetron.
Hypertensive response during dobutamine stress echocardiography.
Continuously nebulized albuterol in severe exacerbations of asthma in adults: a case-controlled study.
Hyperosmolar nonketotic coma precipitated by lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Effects of the intracoronary infusion of cocaine on left ventricular systolic and diastolic function in humans.
Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia, paradoxical thromboembolism, and other side effects of heparin therapy.
Nonopaque crystal deposition causing ureteric obstruction in patients with HIV undergoing indinavir therapy.
Ischemic colitis and sumatriptan use.
Pallidotomy with the gamma knife: a positive experience.
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome and methylphenidate.
Differential effects of 17alpha-ethinylestradiol on the neutral and acidic pathways of bile salt synthesis in the rat.
Glibenclamide-sensitive hypotension produced by helodermin assessed in the rat.
Long-term efficacy and adverse event of nifedipine sustained-release tablets for cyclosporin A-induced hypertension in patients with psoriasis.
Torsade de pointes ventricular tachycardia during low dose intermittent dobutamine treatment in a patient with dilated cardiomyopathy and congestive heart failure.
Positive skin tests in late reactions to radiographic contrast media.
Risk of transient hyperammonemic encephalopathy in cancer patients who received continuous infusion of 5-fluorouracil with the complication of dehydration and infection.
The effects of quinine and 4-aminopyridine on conditioned place preference and changes in motor activity induced by morphine in rats.
Nociceptin/orphanin FQ and nocistatin on learning and memory impairment induced by scopolamine in mice.
Meloxicam-induced liver toxicity.
Induction of apoptosis by remoxipride metabolites in HL60 and CD34+/CD19- human bone marrow progenitor cells: potential relevance to remoxipride-induced aplastic anemia.
Synthesis and preliminary pharmacological investigations of 1-(1,2-dihydro-2-acenaphthylenyl)piperazine derivatives as potential atypical antipsychotic agents in mice.
Sub-chronic inhibition of nitric-oxide synthesis modifies haloperidol-induced catalepsy and the number of NADPH-diaphorase neurons in mice.
Prolonged left ventricular dysfunction occurs in patients with coronary artery disease after both dobutamine and exercise induced myocardial ischaemia.
Anorexigens and pulmonary hypertension in the United States: results from the surveillance of North American pulmonary hypertension.
Clinical aspects of heparin-induced thrombocytopenia and thrombosis and other side effects of heparin therapy.
A case of bilateral optic neuropathy in a patient on tacrolimus (FK506) therapy after liver transplantation.
Hypercalcemia, arrhythmia, and mood stabilizers.
Attenuation of nephrotoxicity by a novel lipid nanosphere (NS-718) incorporating amphotericin B.
Patterns of sulfadiazine acute nephrotoxicity.
Downbeat nystagmus associated with intravenous patient-controlled administration of morphine.
Hemodynamic and antiadrenergic effects of dronedarone and amiodarone in animals with a healed myocardial infarction.
Phase 2 trial of liposomal doxorubicin (40 mg/m(2)) in platinum/paclitaxel-refractory ovarian and fallopian tube cancers and primary carcinoma of the peritoneum.
Efficacy of olanzapine in acute bipolar mania: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study. The Olanzipine HGGW Study Group.
The effect of pupil dilation with tropicamide on vision and driving simulator performance.
A case of isotretinoin embryopathy with bilateral anotia and Taussig-Bing malformation.
Effect of methoxamine on maximum urethral pressure in women with genuine stress incontinence: a placebo-controlled, double-blind crossover study.
Toleration of high doses of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors in patients with chronic heart failure: results from the ATLAS trial. The Assessment of Treatment with Lisinopril and Survival.
Cocaine, ethanol, and cocaethylene cardiotoxity in an animal model of cocaine and ethanol abuse.
Worsening of Parkinsonism after the use of veralipride for treatment of menopause: case report.
Viracept and irregular heartbeat warning.
Frequency of appearance of myeloperoxidase-antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (MPO-ANCA) in Graves' disease patients treated with propylthiouracil and the relationship between MPO-ANCA and clinical manifestations.
Prevalence of heart disease in asymptomatic chronic cocaine users.
Cardioprotective effects of Picrorrhiza kurroa against isoproterenol-induced myocardial stress in rats.
Phase 2 early afterdepolarization as a trigger of polymorphic ventricular tachycardia in acquired long-QT syndrome : direct evidence from intracellular recordings in the intact left ventricular wall.
Prenatal cocaine exposure and cranial sonographic findings in preterm infants.
Thalidomide neuropathy in patients treated for metastatic prostate cancer.
Overexpression of copper/zinc-superoxide dismutase protects from kanamycin-induced hearing loss.
Prednisone induces anxiety and glial cerebral changes in rats.
Phase II study of carboplatin and liposomal doxorubicin in patients with recurrent squamous cell carcinoma of the cervix.
Antimicrobial-induced mania (antibiomania): a review of spontaneous reports.
Levodopa-induced ocular dyskinesias in Parkinson's disease.
A comparison of glyceryl trinitrate with diclofenac for the treatment of primary dysmenorrhea: an open, randomized, cross-over trial.
Temocapril, a long-acting non-SH group angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor, modulates glomerular injury in chronic puromycin aminonucleoside nephrosis.
Pulmonary hypertension after ibuprofen prophylaxis in very preterm infants.
Hyponatremia and syndrome of inappropriate anti-diuretic hormone reported with the use of Vincristine: an over-representation of Asians?
Delayed toxicity of cyclophosphamide on the bladder of DBA/2 and C57BL/6 female mouse.
High-dose 5-fluorouracil / folinic acid in combination with three-weekly mitomycin C in the treatment of advanced gastric cancer. A phase II study.
Persistent sterile leukocyturia is associated with impaired renal function in human immunodeficiency virus type 1-infected children treated with indinavir.
Utility of troponin I in patients with cocaine-associated chest pain.
Acute interstitial nephritis due to nicergoline (Sermion).
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome complicated by massive intestinal bleeding in a patient with chronic renal failure.
Blood brain barrier in right- and left-pawed female rats assessed by a new staining method.
Carvedilol protects against doxorubicin-induced mitochondrial cardiomyopathy.
Cocaine-induced hyperactivity is more influenced by adenosine receptor agonists than amphetamine-induced hyperactivity.
Amiodarone and the risk of bradyarrhythmia requiring permanent pacemaker in elderly patients with atrial fibrillation and prior myocardial infarction.
Indomethacin-induced morphologic changes in the rat urinary bladder epithelium.
An open-label phase II study of low-dose thalidomide in androgen-independent prostate cancer.
Central nervous system toxicity following the administration of levobupivacaine for lumbar plexus block: A report of two cases.
Anaesthetic complications associated with myotonia congenita: case study and comparison with other myotonic disorders.
Respiratory pattern in a rat model of epilepsy.
Increased serum soluble Fas in patients with acute liver failure due to paracetamol overdose.
Bilateral subthalamic nucleus stimulation for Parkinson's disease.
Ocular motility changes after subtenon carboplatin chemotherapy for retinoblastoma.
Ethambutol and optic neuropathy.
Treatment of compensatory gustatory hyperhidrosis with topical glycopyrrolate.
Pharmacological characteristics and side effects of a new galenic formulation of propofol without soyabean oil.
Vinorelbine-related cardiac events: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
MRI findings of hypoxic cortical laminar necrosis in a child with hemolytic anemia crisis.
The natural history of Vigabatrin associated visual field defects in patients electing to continue their medication.
Induction of rosaceiform dermatitis during treatment of facial inflammatory dermatoses with tacrolimus ointment.
Structural abnormalities in the brains of human subjects who use methamphetamine.
Disruption of hepatic lipid homeostasis in mice after amiodarone treatment is associated with peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha target gene activation.
Safety and compliance with once-daily niacin extended-release/lovastatin as initial therapy in the Impact of Medical Subspecialty on Patient Compliance to Treatment (IMPACT) study.
Protective effect of Terminalia chebula against experimental myocardial injury induced by isoproterenol.
A case of postoperative anxiety due to low dose droperidol used with patient-controlled analgesia.
Accurate patient history contributes to differentiating diabetes insipidus: a case study.
Factors contributing to ribavirin-induced anemia.
Oxidative damage precedes nitrative damage in adriamycin-induced cardiac mitochondrial injury.
Sotalol-induced coronary spasm in a patient with dilated cardiomyopathy associated with sustained ventricular tachycardia.
Effects of the antidepressant trazodone, a 5-HT 2A/2C receptor antagonist, on dopamine-dependent behaviors in rats.
Swallowing abnormalities and dyskinesia in Parkinson's disease.
Inhibition of nuclear factor-kappaB activation attenuates tubulointerstitial nephritis induced by gentamicin.
Glucose metabolism in patients with schizophrenia treated with atypical antipsychotic agents: a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test and minimal model analysis.
Focal cerebral ischemia in rats: effect of phenylephrine-induced hypertension during reperfusion.
People aged over 75 in atrial fibrillation on warfarin: the rate of major hemorrhage and stroke in more than 500 patient-years of follow-up.
Safety of celecoxib in patients with adverse skin reactions to acetaminophen (paracetamol) and nimesulide associated or not with common non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs.
Case-control study of regular analgesic and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory use and end-stage renal disease.
Two cases of amisulpride overdose: a cause for prolonged QT syndrome.
Growth-associated protein 43 expression in hippocampal molecular layer of chronic epileptic rats treated with cycloheximide.
Nicotine antagonizes caffeine- but not pentylenetetrazole-induced anxiogenic effect in mice.
Long term hormone therapy for perimenopausal and postmenopausal women.
Drug-induced liver injury: an analysis of 461 incidences submitted to the Spanish registry over a 10-year period.
Morphological evaluation of the effect of d-ribose on adriamycin-evoked cardiotoxicity in rats.
In vivo evidences suggesting the role of oxidative stress in pathogenesis of vancomycin-induced nephrotoxicity: protection by erdosteine.
Does domperidone potentiate mirtazapine-associated restless legs syndrome?
Antiandrogenic therapy can cause coronary arterial disease.
5-Fluorouracil cardiotoxicity induced by alpha-fluoro-beta-alanine.
The influence of the time interval between monoHER and doxorubicin administration on the protection against doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity in mice.
Clinical evaluation of adverse effects during bepridil administration for atrial fibrillation and flutter.
Enhanced isoproterenol-induced cardiac hypertrophy in transgenic rats with low brain angiotensinogen.
Drug-induced long QT syndrome in injection drug users receiving methadone: high frequency in hospitalized patients and risk factors.
Mechanisms of hypertension induced by nitric oxide (NO) deficiency: focus on venous function.
Association of DRD2 polymorphisms and chlorpromazine-induced extrapyramidal syndrome in Chinese schizophrenic patients.
Physical training decreases susceptibility to subsequent pilocarpine-induced seizures in the rat.
Tonic dopaminergic stimulation impairs associative learning in healthy subjects.
Minocycline-induced vasculitis fulfilling the criteria of polyarteritis nodosa.
Intramuscular hepatitis B immune globulin combined with lamivudine in prevention of hepatitis B recurrence after liver transplantation.
Anticonvulsant effect of eslicarbazepine acetate (BIA 2-093) on seizures induced by microperfusion of picrotoxin in the hippocampus of freely moving rats.
Acute renal failure associated with prolonged intake of slimming pills containing anthraquinones.
Chloroacetaldehyde as a sulfhydryl reagent: the role of critical thiol groups in ifosfamide nephropathy.
Stereological methods reveal the robust size and stability of ectopic hilar granule cells after pilocarpine-induced status epilepticus in the adult rat.
A prospective, open-label trial of galantamine in autistic disorder.
Randomized comparison of olanzapine versus risperidone for the treatment of first-episode schizophrenia: 4-month outcomes.
Early paracentral visual field loss in patients taking hydroxychloroquine.
Peri-operative atrioventricular block as a result of chemotherapy with epirubicin and paclitaxel.
Risks and benefits of COX-2 inhibitors vs non-selective NSAIDs: does their cardiovascular risk exceed their gastrointestinal benefit? A retrospective cohort study.
Quinine-induced arrhythmia in a patient with severe malaria.
Penicillamine-related lichenoid dermatitis and utility of zinc acetate in a Wilson disease patient with hepatic presentation, anxiety and SPECT abnormalities.
A dramatic drop in blood pressure following prehospital GTN administration.
Acute encephalopathy and cerebral vasospasm after multiagent chemotherapy including PEG-asparaginase and intrathecal cytarabine for the treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Comparison of valsartan/hydrochlorothiazide combination therapy at doses up to 320/25 mg versus monotherapy: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study followed by long-term combination therapy in hypertensive adults.
Succimer chelation improves learning, attention, and arousal regulation in lead-exposed rats but produces lasting cognitive impairment in the absence of lead exposure.
Caffeine challenge test in panic disorder and depression with panic attacks.
Mitral annuloplasty as a ventricular restoration method for the failing left ventricle: a pilot study.
Piperacillin/tazobactam-induced seizure rapidly reversed by high flux hemodialysis in a patient on peritoneal dialysis.
Frequency of transient ipsilateral vocal cord paralysis in patients undergoing carotid endarterectomy under local anesthesia.
Neuroprotective effects of melatonin upon the offspring cerebellar cortex in the rat model of BCNU-induced cortical dysplasia.
Myo-inositol-1-phosphate (MIP) synthase inhibition: in-vivo study in rats.
Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs-associated acute interstitial nephritis with granular tubular basement membrane deposits.
Rifampicin-associated segmental necrotizing glomerulonephritis in staphylococcal endocarditis.
Rate of YMDD motif mutants in lamivudine-untreated Iranian patients with chronic hepatitis B virus infection.
Branch retinal vein occlusion and fluoxetine.
The differential effects of bupivacaine and lidocaine on prostaglandin E2 release, cyclooxygenase gene expression and pain in a clinical pain model.
p75NTR expression in rat urinary bladder sensory neurons and spinal cord with cyclophosphamide-induced cystitis.
Azathioprine-induced suicidal erythrocyte death.
Clinical comparison of cardiorespiratory effects during unilateral and conventional spinal anaesthesia.
Spectrum of adverse events after generic HAART in southern Indian HIV-infected patients.
Thalidomide and sensory neurotoxicity: a neurophysiological study.
Amiodarone-related pulmonary mass and unique membranous glomerulonephritis in a patient with valvular heart disease: Diagnostic pitfall and new findings.
Risk of coronary artery disease associated with initial sulphonylurea treatment of patients with type 2 diabetes: a matched case-control study.
Reduced progression of adriamycin nephropathy in spontaneously hypertensive rats treated by losartan.
The risks of aprotinin and tranexamic acid in cardiac surgery: a one-year follow-up of 1188 consecutive patients.
The biological properties of the optical isomers of propranolol and their effects on cardiac arrhythmias.
Topotecan in combination with radiotherapy in unresectable glioblastoma: a phase 2 study.
Long-term lithium therapy leading to hyperparathyroidism: a case report.
Comparison of laryngeal mask with endotracheal tube for anesthesia in endoscopic sinus surgery.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease during valproate therapy.
Carbimazole induced ANCA positive vasculitis.
Aspirin for the primary prevention of cardiovascular events: an update of the evidence for the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force.
Reducing harm associated with anticoagulation: practical considerations of argatroban therapy in heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
Rhabdomyolysis and brain ischemic stroke in a heroin-dependent male under methadone maintenance therapy.
Increased vulnerability to 6-hydroxydopamine lesion and reduced development of dyskinesias in mice lacking CB1 cannabinoid receptors.
Animal model of mania induced by ouabain: Evidence of oxidative stress in submitochondrial particles of the rat brain.
Intraoperative dialysis during liver transplantation with citrate dialysate.
Delirium in a patient with toxic flecainide plasma concentrations: the role of a pharmacokinetic drug interaction with paroxetine.
Efficacy of everolimus (RAD001) in patients with advanced NSCLC previously treated with chemotherapy alone or with chemotherapy and EGFR inhibitors.
Posttransplant anemia: the role of sirolimus.
Coronary computerized tomography angiography for rapid discharge of low-risk patients with cocaine-associated chest pain.
Late fulminant posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome after liver transplant.
Prolonged hypothermia as a bridge to recovery for cerebral edema and intracranial hypertension associated with fulminant hepatic failure.
Binasal visual field defects are not specific to vigabatrin.
Smoking of crack cocaine as a risk factor for HIV infection among people who use injection drugs.
Fluoxetine improves the memory deficits caused by the chemotherapy agent 5-fluorouracil.
Liver-specific ablation of integrin-linked kinase in mice results in enhanced and prolonged cell proliferation and hepatomegaly after phenobarbital administration.
Decreased Expression of Na/K-ATPase, NHE3, NBC1, AQP1 and OAT in Gentamicin-induced Nephropathy.
Longitudinal association of alcohol use with HIV disease progression and psychological health of women with HIV.
Chemokine CCL2 and its receptor CCR2 are increased in the hippocampus following pilocarpine-induced status epilepticus.
Metallothionein induction reduces caspase-3 activity and TNFalpha levels with preservation of cognitive function and intact hippocampal neurons in carmustine-treated rats.
Fatal carbamazepine induced fulminant eosinophilic (hypersensitivity) myocarditis: emphasis on anatomical and histological characteristics, mechanisms and genetics of drug hypersensitivity and differential diagnosis.
Neuropsychiatric behaviors in the MPTP marmoset model of Parkinson's disease.
Contrast medium nephrotoxicity after renal artery and coronary angioplasty.
Medical and psychiatric outcomes for patients transplanted for acetaminophen-induced acute liver failure: a case-control study.
Studies of synergy between morphine and a novel sodium channel blocker, CNSB002, in rat models of inflammatory and neuropathic pain.
Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia: a practical review.
Abductor paralysis after botox injection for adductor spasmodic dysphonia.
Mitochondrial impairment contributes to cocaine-induced cardiac dysfunction: Prevention by the targeted antioxidant MitoQ.
Trimethoprim-induced immune hemolytic anemia in a pediatric oncology patient presenting as an acute hemolytic transfusion reaction.
Blockade of endothelial-mesenchymal transition by a Smad3 inhibitor delays the early development of streptozotocin-induced diabetic nephropathy.
Cytostatic and anti-angiogenic effects of temsirolimus in refractory mantle cell lymphoma.
Syncope caused by hyperkalemia during use of a combined therapy with the angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor and spironolactone.
Diffuse skeletal pain after administration of alendronate.
Cerebrospinal fluid penetration of high-dose daptomycin in suspected Staphylococcus aureus meningitis.
The role of nitric oxide in convulsions induced by lindane in rats.
Long-term oral galactose treatment prevents cognitive deficits in male Wistar rats treated intracerebroventricularly with streptozotocin.
